Always stressing and thinking about loads of things at once need I take it one at a time overload stressed need to rant	Loads of things on my mind, I need to make a list, prioritise and work through it all calmly and I will feel much better.	1
The list of things I have to do today is forever long. Can I just go back to bed and wake up tomorrow with everything done?	Today I have a lot to do. Time for productivity not procrastination.	1
If I don't have a mental breakdown before the end of summer, it will be a miracle..	I'm going to look after my mental health over the summer, so I don't have a mental breakdown.	1
I just caught myself taking extra deep breaths as if it would somehow help Hallie breathe.	Trying to keep breathing. Extra deep	1
Worst night ever. Just one bad thing after another! This holiday is coming at the right time I think	I had a tough night but it's over and the holiday is just around the corner!	1
Christmas shopping is hard and it even makes me a little sad because it makes me doubt how well I know my family	I would love to get done with Christmas shopping so that I can get into holiday mode soon.	1
Why is it so hard to get one day of alone time, of peace and quiet???	I could really do with some peace and quiet for a day	1
All this school work due in the next two days, and I haven't touched any of it. And work this week, and coaching to	I'll find time for my schoolwork in between my coaching responsibilities, because that's important to me.	1
Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is worse than rocket science for me. Dad(LOL)	Can't wait to not be responsible for Emily's clothes. As a dad I just want my daughter to get able to do things for herself soon.	1
fancy making a time machine? Not enough time in the day for all this revision..any last minute tips?:L tired	Not enough time in the day for all this revision. I have to spend more time on studying.	1
Ugh I have to wake up so early (9:00) and go to class (a massage). I have so much (so little) to do today.	I get to have a nice early morning, have a productive day at school and get the rest done before bed.	1
Sore throats are the worst, at least I get to spend the day with tea and pj's!!! needadayoff	Sore throats are somewhat irritating but I am happy that I can spend myday with pj’s and tea.	1
got in a wreck, got a B in accounting, deciding whether to break up with my boyfriend, being at home where parents eat like CRAP	Having a really rough time at the moment but still managed to get myself a B in accounting.	1
I CANNOT be getting sick right now! I have wayyy too much to get done in this last month of the semester. :(	Hopefully, this cold I'm getting won't interfere with getting my schoolwork done for the rest of the semester.	1
I would never thought picking furniture for my first house would be so damn difficult!!	I'm glad I have so many options of furniture to choose, because I'm sure I'll find something I like.	1
Been a hell of a week. Tired is not the word. Anxieties on top of anxieties. Overworked. Over tired. Emergency vet trips. Dog mum stress. No words down yday. Today, rest. Tomorrow we start again. WritingCommnunity WritingCommunity	Tomorrow will be a new day. I'll focus on my commitments without stressing and ejoy my time with my dog	1
For the sake of the sanity of the students of Wales,please make sure your phone advisors know what their talking about	The phone advisors at Wales need to make sure they know what they are talking about to ensure they can properly help the students that call in.	1
I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. lazy	I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. At least I'll be able to catch up on everything.	1
The Fray calms me down. Until I get worked up about situations Then I just need silence.	Silence calms me down when I’m all worked up.	1
I think having a test in history and chem on the same day is the worst combination	Having a test in history and chemistry on the same day is indeed tough, but hardwork leads to success.	1
You know I really don't care about the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages. stupid	I should concentrate on my own works.	1
Things are starting to change and that's not okay with me. Hate change. I wanna give up sometimes. Ugh	Things are starting to change, and I don't really like changes. But, that's necessary and life can't be always easy.	1
The most stressful thing is trying to find a new profile picture when you annoyed with the one you have	Finding a new profile picture to replace the unwanted one is a bit tough but you can always find a better one.	1
I miss all my best friends for real. I'm in such need of a girls night!	Even though I miss my friends now, I know many things that could make me happy now.	1
I want Blair and Chuck, Nate and Vanessa, Eric and I wished Jenny but unfortunately he likes guys , and Serena and Dan!!!!!!!!!! But NOOO	If Eric likes boys better, then that will leave more girls for me :D	1
Driving to visit gran in hospital and son is sick all over him and car.So Ive had 2 go buy clothes and scrub car while dad visits gran	My son and my gran are sick but hopefully they will feel better soon.	1
Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts.	Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts. I'll focus on things that make me happy until the pain goes away.	1
Great Now How Am I Gunna Explain This To Her Shes So Close To Me I Cant Loose Her :'(	I'm pretty sure that if I'm sincere and open to her, she will understand.	1
Things I don't feel like doing today: working, cooking, driving, showering, wearing real clothes You get the idea. tired	I'm tired today but I'm thankful I have a job that I can go to and earn some money!	1
Had roughly 5 hours sleep over the past 3 days and all I can hear is snoring cantcope	Some people just can't run on 5 hours of sleep over three days.	1
thinking about my future makes me want to go live on a island alone forever. annoyed	My future seems to be unpredictable, so I can better go to an island and relax myself.	1
I know if i dont pick up my grades i can literally say bye bye to my dream college! :'(	I want to pick up my grades to improve and go to my dream college!	1
If I make it through the next 2 weeks without having a mental breakdown, it'll be a miracle	I'm positive I can make it through the next few weeks while keeping my cool.	1
Finding another gray hair because I'm so stressed out. People seriously have no idea what Im dealing with right now.	Finding gray hairs on me from all the stress, however it has been great for people to have reached out to help me deal with it.	1
Been watching a lot of WWII stuff because at least I know the authoritarians will be held accountable.	Yes, they certainly were held accountable.  Bad people usually get what is coming to them so I wouldn't worry too much about it.	1
Im going to have to toggle between the pens game and the new season of riverdale and Im	I'm going to play pens game and the new season of riverdale in toggle.	1
Damn , so many women, so many to choose from, but not really interested in any of them. damn stressed couldntsleep goodnight tho	One day I will find the one women I dream of!	1
Ugh, tired of not having a job but nobody wants to higher someone that's leaving for college in 2 months!	It's hard for me to find a temporary job right now, but that's OK, because I start college it 2 months!	1
In bed looking at the hall way waiting for the clown to appear so I can kill it and go to sleep. Come on brain you seriously need to chill. brainhealth Autopilot artlife Sleepless	I'm having trouble sleeping.  I just need to relax and I'm sure I'll fall asleep soon.	1
Can't sleep coz I'm thinking about the all the work I have to do.. has made a broken girl outta me! :(	I need to organize myself and finish my works to be able to sleep well	1
It's bed. Long. Stressful day. And to put a cherry on that. I'm sick fml sick	I need sleep to rest and recover	1
Desperately in need of a massage Someone want to book me a nice spa appointment?	I feel like I need a massage and a spa appointment would make me a better person.	1
I need a weekend get away. To bad that won't even get me away from homework wah	My homework might slow down a bit.	1
How am I meant to get an A and two B's in my A Levels!!! Queens you's are too strict! :( out	I need to get an A and two B's in my A- levels, it's really high but I know I can do it.	1
Blaming my awful breakout on the fact we leave in just over 1 month and have made no further planning, or started moving out	I have to complete all my works before I leave.	1
Honestly don't know how I'm going to finish all of this homework and projects! homework FAIL Tired FML	I have a lot of homework and projects to do but I am determined to do them.	1
One of those days where nothing has gone right and wishing I could have 1 day to just do nothing.	Today was not such a pleasant day, but I know some things I could do now to improve the end of the day.	1
Trying to remind myself that bombing this audition is a good thing. Stupid Jazz stupid scholarships.	I tried my best at the audition. We can't all win I suppose.	1
Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school are two completely different things	Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school are two completely different things, but time will fix it.	1
In your stressful situation there is a peace that God gives you that is impossible for man to make!	I can think of several positive aspects that believing in God gives strenght in life	1
1 test down, 1 test to go. usually i dont hate fridays but this one sucks.	Just this Friday to finish the last test.	1
talacre beach really need to sort there checking in routeen caravans are never ready 30mins later and still sat in the car waiting .. peak season to low season its always the same 3 kids stuck in a car not good	Talacre beach's check in process could do with some improvement to reduce the wait time for customers.	1
Morning Twitter-Birds! I'm taking my GRE in 2 hours and am a little stressed right now. So I'm sitting in taking a study-break. I hate my admission to grad school rides on a standardized test after 15 years on the job. BeReal NeverGiveUp Tired	Soon the GRE’s will be over, and I’ll be able to further my career.	1
Honestly trying so hard right now to have a freak out.. ugh life stress money..	Life is not easy for everyone one, and everyone has money problems and stress.	1
My dad has been asking for grapes forever. He doesn't want seedless. I've checked at least 10 different places and they only freaking carry seedless. I'm gonna lost my mind if I don't find this man his grapes, cause he's losing his mind and he's gonna keep asking.	Stores need to offer more normal grapes not seedless ones so my dad would stop ragging on me about getting some.	1
Can't Ever Find A Decent Team While Playing LeagueOfLegends . They All Act Retarded .	It's really hard to find a team that I like in League of Legends. Maybe I'll have better luck with one of my other games.	1
So exhausted. :( Only so much I can do in all areas of my life in a day/week but it never ends! :( frustrated	I have a lot to do, but I’m really proud of myself for keeping it all together.	1
Could someone just give me like $1000? It would change my life, stressing about rent, bills and food money is just the worst. ineedhelp helpme moneyisstupid	Time to focus on making a budget, so I don't have to stress about rent, bills, and food money.	1
maybe just maybe I should think about switching sides on my Senior Paper confused Omg	I will talk to my teacher and will figure this out soon.	1
wish i didnt have this exam tomorrow morning, got enough on my plate to think about	I have this exam tomorrow morning, got enough on my plate to think about but I just got to study hard today and I will do fine	1
I'm just really confused about what to do with my life right now I just wish I knew what to do.	I am a bit confused about my life now, and I hope to get a solution soon.	1
Not even funny how bad business is going to go tomorrow , why didnt i start studying earlier ?	Time to learn to plan better and start my assignments sooner!	1
To all my friends that think I'm blessed, they don't know my head's a mess"	I hope my mind clears a bit and I get into a positive frame of mind.	1
I'm so p'd off .. I'm going to miss my spin class because of sodding traffic!!!!! Ahhhhhhhh	I will miss a class because of trafic but I am sure the teacher will understand	1
Having 53480 things to do and taking a nap instead has became a terrible habit of mine lately	It‚Äôs good that I take naps and times out when I am really busy	1
I need to go for a nice run or something. I don't know I just need to get out of here	As I wish to get out of here, it would be better if I go for a nice run.	1
Stressed? Take a few seconds, and try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure. Destress	Do not get stressed. Try this interruption technique and watch your stress disappear like magic along with your pressure.	1
I wish this empty feeling inside would just go away. It's simple you either you wanna be with me or you don't!!	I wish this empty feeling inside would just go away or someone will help me.	1
Think I'm getting a canker sore I was literally JUST saying today how long it's been since I've had one. I even knocked on wood.	Today I was talking about how long it's been since I had a cold sore and guess what, I have a cold sore. It was even funny!	1
Gah!! I always go to bed sooo late on nights I need to be up sooo earlytomorrows gonna be such a long day	I think I'll go to sleep earlier to get a good night sleep for tomorrow.	1
want to just hop on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me	I need to think more positively, so that I don't feel like running onto a plane and escaping my problems.	1
Job applications handed in. One stressful thing out the way!! Now my next tackle ahead. Forever fighting fires. :(	Job applications handed in. Now my next tackle ahead. I have to be confident	1
So annoyed at myself that I mucked up part of my interview that that's all I can think about.	I didn't do very well on my interview but I'll be more prepared next time!	1
Escape! Im planning to escape aboard a cargo ship to nowhere, to anywhere it takes me.	It would be exciting to escape aboard a cargo ship to some new place.	1
Today has been the worst day ever. Really could use my papa to talk to right now	My day was bad but talking with my papa would make me feel a lot better.	1
I hate being in a bad situation and not being able to do anything about it!	Bad situations don’t always call for me to do something, it shows me that sometimes I just need to stay calm.	1
6 days before we go on holiday and the mini bus has let us down to go to GatwickFANTASTIC!!!! annoyed cba	I will find another mode of transportation.	1
Seriously been extremely too stressed out here lately! When will I ever get a break from it all? ugh	I have had a lot to contend with recently and have been very brave.	1
With all this stress on me, Im about to get 2 jobs to keep me from blowing my head off.	I have stress but since I have two jobs they will help me get my mind away from it.	1
Instead of writing my paper, I've now spent an hour trying to figure out how to get to Ithaca	Once I figure out how to get to Ithaca, I will start writing my paper.	1
sharing the bus with a wasp, trying not to act like a crazy woman  eeeek!!! wasp	Sharing the bus with a wasp, hopefully it will leave me alone if I leave it alone.	1
The fact that my mom has been calling me every night to calm me down from school says so much. I've needed it these past few days	I'm really lucky to have such a caring mum who is willing to call me every night when I'm having a hard time.	1
One with such a small brain should not be in charge of organising events scaredihavefoegottensomethingvital	My boss has a lot of responsibility to deal with, and I will be of utility for him as long as I work here!	1
Think I'm going to end up seriously ill if I carry on how I am at the moment :-( exhausted	I am so exhausted, and I hope not to end up getting ill.	1
There's always that one that your gonna randomly think about and get pissed or depressed Life	Sometimes you think about things that get you down, but the same thing happens for things that make us feel good, that's how life works	1
Having a psychology major and a paralegal minor might have been the worst decision I ever made	I have really challenged myself doing psychology and law I'll do great.	1
This week has prob been the worst week I have had with school in awhile!	This week was not the best, but it can get better	1
Finding out I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university killme	I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university. Time to learn to be more organized.	1
Urgh. Fed up! So much to do and definitely not enough time/energy to do everything :(	I have a lot to do. So, I'll plan my time, and get some energy to do everything.	1
Idk what to believe and the fact that one of my bestfriends are lying to me makes this even harder.	Finding out that your friend is lying to you is a way of life showing you that you are trusting the wrong people! This is liberating!	1
I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses.	I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses. Better later than never.	1
Thank you, professor for scheduling a test, lab quiz, and lab report all due on the same day	The professor scheduled me a test, lab test and lab report for the same. It's time to stop procrastinating, study and prepare.	1
When you try to be responsible and its all thrown back in your face. frustrated	Trying to be responsible and having a lot of problems. The good thing about it is that at least I'm trying and besides, it's normal to have problems, we're learning to deal with it.	1
So many impromptu things I gotta do before 4. Makeup, shave, do SOMETHING to my hair since it's too hot to leave down	I have many things to do but I am capable in doing things fast so I will be done with everything.	1
By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays..that's crazy highschool applications	By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays, really proud of myself and what I have achieved.	1
I must go where Im not required and pick up the pieces of the diseased minds that went before me. racism thursdaymorning	I need to go by myself and clear my mind of all the troubling issues before me.	1
Enjoy life's simple pleasures - the outdoors, fav hobbies and laughing with friends to feel grounded and less stressed	I am thankful that I have outdoors environments to enjoy, hobbies and friends which help me in hard times.	1
I swear to god i just broke down and cried. I was so scared  i thot all my hard work was for nothing.	I took a necessary time to cry and drain all my fears.	1
I need to go drive or shoot my gun annoyed anxiety" um woah there, youv changed	I'm feeling anxious so I'm going to go for a drive or shoot my gun to calm down.	1
Everything is coming down on me all at once and I don't know how to handle it.	A lot of stressful things are happening at once but it feels better if I think of all the better stuff that can happen after.	1
Is it completely wrong of me to want my kids to take their cell phones to school?? Ugh!	I want my kids to take their cell phone to school because it is a great study tool	1
trying to find a roommate for next year is nuts, but getting somebody random is sketchy. meh.	Trying to find a roomate for next year is nuts but I'll make it!	1
Great. Got about 3 hours of sleep last night and my hair is literally falling out!	I didn't sleep much because of the stress but I will come out of it a better and stronger person.	1
just realised word of the week didn't last long. Last week was , this week is already	This week seems to have come fast.	1
I would get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test. mymindisfucked	I have to learn to stay calm, so I don't make mistakes on the tests	1
when you missed almost 2 weeks of school and exams start in a week and youre still behind	I need to prepare for the exam that starts in a week, as I have been without classes for almost 2 weeks and this can harm me.	1
I just found how much work I have to make up at school from being sick. Tomorrow is gonna be a rough day	There's so much pending school work since I've been sick. But I'm going to face it and make up for it since I'm feeling better now.	1
Work tonight was horrendous. 5 hours alone on the kiosk trying to deal with a 6 box delivery, lottery and cigarettes.	Work tonight could have been better, but at least I have a job.	1
Week 2 of this semester. . It's going to be a long one. Possibly my hardest yet. If that's even possible.	This second week of the semester is going to be a long and hard one, but I have decided to put in my best efforts to pass in flying colors.	1
I want to lay down and die.., but not actually die.. Just wake up at a time when society isn't such a load of bullshit. tired	I wanted to lay down, and wake up at a time when society isn't so bad. But that's life, and I should be enjoying the good parts of it.	1
Stressful day out with my homie. trying to find 15 pairs of the same shoes is hard	It is of course difficult to find 15 pairs of the same shoes but it can be achieved with some effort.	1
I don't usually get this worried for exams, but I'm legitimately nervous for fluids tomorrow	I don’t usually bother about exams too much, but this time I am a bit nervous about fluids tomorrow.	1
These are the moments that I wish someone would edit episodes for me, so I can do other work.	These eposodes are really important to get done but if I do them now I can focus in other important things later.	1
Last full day of school newberryacademy Examweek oh crap this week is exam weekoh no.	Last full day of school with forthcoming exams. Busy week ahead!	1
Every time we talk i just want to rage quit violently on you for everything ya did! angerproblems .	I need to learn how to let go, It will do me good as a person, and will help with my mental health.	1
11 hours at work after a bank holiday on my own was not the one today stressed	Working for 11 hours after a bank holiday on my own means I am a very dedicated person.	1
Um, help. I have an exam and my prof is late. What do I do?	Professors really need to start communicating with their students, if they are going to be late.	1
How do you manage a big move to a new house with an autistic child behaviour tempertantrums help	It is a challenge with an autistic child but we have gotten a new place we get move in to.	1
waking up nauseous<;<; and skipping an 8am to study for my back to back exams<;<;	I will not let these nausea harm me in my exam, it is important to wake up early and start my studies.	1
Tomorrow's going to be a long day. I'm going to be drained mentally and physically. Yay for all the homecoming festivities!	Tomorrow will be stressful mentally and physically, but in the end I know I will do a good job	1
Gotta get at least 2 1/2-3 pages of this paper done by 4:30 I have wayyyyy too much to do today	Just gotta get 2 1/2-3 pages of this paper done by 4:30 today, it's better than doing it all last second.	1
I'm so close to finishing this class but if I fail the final then I fail the class and have to restart	I only have to finish this small class to finish the year well.	1
This work day seriously just needs to be over, like ASAP!!!!! Why is it not 3 o'clock yet!?	After 3 o'clock, this work day will be over!	1
a glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath is going to do me wonders tonight.	I'm going to have a wonderful time tonight with a glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath :)	1
My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together. This job might kill me.	My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together :). This job may be killing me but it makes me so thankful about leaving work at the end of each day!	1
I'm sooooooo going to be screwed for the admin prelim won't remember anything practical and won't do well theory wise :(	I'm going to study until I feel more confident about practical and theory in admin prelim.	1
Why cant I just catch a break? Just for a little while. Have things go my way for once. Im about to break	My life will get so much better soon.	1
Definitely need to start staying at my friends house. I can't stand it here. stressed hateit toomanykids	I am thankful I have a friend I can stay at since I am in need of moving somewhere else.	1
Wow. I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I missed dedicating 5 days to dance.	I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I miss lot f things.	1
Seriously wishing I would get sick so I can call off work, and I don't care that I would have to cancel 2 shows.	I will enjoy my night after I get off work.	1
my uni should allow all the freshers to get wristbands first as we are the newbieshad the worst time sorting it all out	Even though I wasn't able to get a wristband first, I'm just thankful that I'm considered important at all.	1
This life has got me rundown and spinning out and I'm not sure how long I'll hold up	I am exhausted in life, but I wish to hold on and become successful.	1
I absolutely love stage dooring to see my incredible people but just hate the awkward waiting in between!!! socialanxietyFU	The awkward waiting might be discomforting but I am glad that I get to see my incredible people.	1
Feel like crying, this math class is impossible to pass, and my teacher gives us heaps of work as if we don't have other classes	This math class is hard, and my teacher gives us heaps of work. But, I'm smart, and I know I can get everything right!	1
Just managed to book a return ferry crossing for tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine Why announce so late meaning that 1000s of us over in France have been desperately trying to book into the early hours? Ill only believe its true when Im safely on board! stressed	While there are thousands of people trying to book the return ferry, I managed to get a spot as early as tomorrow! Glad to be ahead of the quatantine!	1
So much work to do today :( and I still have to study for my math final	I'll have to schedule carefully to have time for all my work and studying.	1
Just so ready to be done with school and move far far away from michigan. I have never been this frustrated!!!	Looking to relocate to another state for higher education post completing school in Michigan.	1
6 hours sleep in a 72 hour period Not eaten in 45 hours Had a migraine the last 3 days Tired	I’ve had a migraine, only 6 hours sleep and not eaten in the 45 hours. I hope to feel good after a nice meal and a nap.	1
ff hope you gave the ironing a crack and feel a little less ;-) off to snowdonia next week with	We should be always optimistic.	1
The recklessness at work right now means.. I'm out to lunch at McDonalds for lunch. At least they want to SeeMeSmile	Hanging out with my friends bring me a piece of happiness.	1
Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed! Get one with your order!	Even though I am stressed at least there are these cute pencils which show the stress and it's somewhat entertaining.	1
Depressed! Going to fail my College Algebra Final tomorrow. Probably won't even see a 3.0. Wish I had tix for Saturdays game!	Feeling really anxious about my Algebra Final tomorrow, but I'm sure if I study hard I can pass it!	1
I envy month end at work! Bein told to 'turn my frown upside down' is not what i wonna hear now!	Finding work really hard at the moment but I know that if I work hard I can get to an outcome I am happy with.	1
How are you supposed to find a job when they all require previous experience in that area?	It's hard to find a job when they all require previous experience in that area. But I'll keep searching, and I'm sure anyday I'll find.	1
Would love to know what I'm doing wrong to not receive any callbacks for these job applications!	I'm not receiving any callbacks for my job applications. It's time to work even harder to improve myself.	1
I'm sorry but my type A personality requires a plan. I can't function half the time without a clear and concise plan.	Despite my type A personality, I'll function all the time with or without a clear and concise plan.	1
Can't even chill after exams are done as got a 2500 essay in for mid feb which I ain't started due to this revision!!	I am yet to do a 2500 essay for mid feb, so I am not able relax after my exams. But I hope to finish it soon and chill out with my cousins..	1
I think the other night might be on the same level as valentines day weekend! drama	Even though there's been lots of drama lately, I'm glad I can step back from it all and relax.	1
This week has seriously kicked my ass. I'm either going to sit down and cry or get drunk tonight. 50/50 chance either way.	Sometimes I have to let myself go through life to regain control of it, even after a hard day like today.	1
If I don't die from an anxiety attack in the next week and a half it'll be a miracle	I hope to survive a possible anxiety attack in the next week and a half.	1
my brain is constantly thinking and mentally arranging how my living space is going to look	I should take my mind off of how my living space will look to relax for a bit.	1
Wanting to crawl up under my zebra blanket and not come out for a few days..	It's been a tough time, but thankfully the end of the week is coming.	1
In the next week I have to watch 5 Harry potter movies finish the 7th Harry potter book and go shopping for new clothes omg	The next week seems to be lined with activities but I'm looking forward to get done with all of them, one after the other.	1
past papers are 2 hours long, they take an extra half an hour on my laptop scrolling up and down and then i scrape a B ineedanAfgs	I'm pretty sure that If I keep studying I will only improve and get higher scores on my tests!	1
if this struggle to pick classes is any indication of what going back to school is going to be like this is going to be rough	Picking classes is challenging for me. Next time I am going to work with my advisor.	1
Even though days aren't what I expected I still smile! badday terrible stressed itsokay beautiful	Even though the day was not so good, I thank you for still being able to smile even though stressed, because on the one hand the day is beautiful.	1
This week is crazy. I have soooo much to do and not enough time to do it.	Today I'm going to really learn how to juggle all the things I have to do with the time to do them.	1
I need 13 years of solid sleep, 3 pitchers of margaritas, and a 6 hour massage stat. sore exhausted	I'm looking forward to getting some sleep and maybe having some fun later.	1
NOT IN THE MOOD. Stupid statuses on facebook =FUCKING ANNOYING. Like NO SHIT SHERLOCK. Hahahaha omygad	Facebook statuses can be annoying sometimes but it's just Facebook so I shouldn't care much	1
Also hate the feeling when you love someone but they don't feel the same way.	I know I will find someone who loves me, even if it's not this person.	1
I apply for jobs. Then i apply for jobs. When I get bored w/that, I apply for jobs. Owh! Finals! gradschoolproblems	I have a lot of job applications out there, and I'm sure I'll find a great one.	1
I officially hate drawing trees and I have to paint one on my living ruin wall good o need to practice allot	I don’t like to draw trees, but I think a good practice can help me draw a good tree in my living room.	1
Nights like tonight make me miss having someone I can talk to about everything!! tired	What a beautiful night, it's a pleasure to be alone to be able to rest a little.	1
If I get through the next two weeks without going insane, it will be a miracle. overscheduled	I have a lot of work for the next two weeks but I hope to pull through it.	1
i would do some really questionable, terrible things for a deep tissue massage right about now	I would go to great lengths for a deep tissue massage right about now.	1
Baby's been hysterical for hours. Desperately tried to comfort her. Take her to my sister's in a panic. She pukes all over her.	The baby has been crying, and I took her to my sister’s to comfort her. My sister can handle any kind of baby.	1
What will you pick? Someone who is always there for you but is in another courtry? Or someone who isn't always there for you but is in the same Courtry and province with you? Comment!! I'm confused HELPPP	I'm so confused about my relationship situation, but I'm thankful that I have someone that cares about me.	1
When we are unable to find tranquillity within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere." MaxKirsten	It is better to find peace within oneself before seeking it outside or with others.	1
When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away us what I need	When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away is what It's needed. And it's fine, it happens.	1
For all you out there who work while pursuing a challenging degree in college, I respect you. This crap is difficult right now.	I have a new respect for people that both have to work and go to school and I'm thankful I am one of those people.	1
Too many people are in charge of the A/C - Heat at my workit's always FREEZING cold or 8 million degrees.	I believe that if we talk to each other about the right temperature for the A/C we can come to an agreement.	1
HOW THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO MAKE AN A IN THIS GEOGRAPHY CLASS IF YOU DON'T EVEN TALK ABOUT GEOGRAPHY?!  pissed	Really finding this class hard I might go to the school for some further advice.	1
Whoever is drilling and hammering or whatever in hartley A, its really not helping me revise	I hope they stop drilling and hammering in HartleyA soon! It's making my revising a little difficult.	1
Bored of not being able to sleep! What happened to sleeping like a baby every night?	Missing the times of good sleeping. As everything passing by, I hope this non-sleep period ends soon.	1
aerlingus customer service ?Not sure where it is?I have called&tweeted no response! Can you send me helpline contact number?	Having really awful customer service at the moment, please help me get it resloved. That would be amazing.	1
In a boiling hot radox muscle relax bubble bath hopefully this will chill me out	This bath will be very relaxing.	1
Only two weeks of school until winter break and I already can't wait to get home stressed overwhelmed	I am stressed but the winter break will be in two weeks so that's good.	1
i know when something is seriously wrong when KUWTK can't even cheer me up badmood	I know I''m in a badmood because the KUWTK isn't working. but hopefully it will pass soon!	1
Not even enough time for lunch! This job is argghhhh stressed. Roll on 5pm I wanna go home.	I have little free time at work, and during it the only thing I think about going home.	1
I am so not the stressed woman in the Christmas TV ads for supermarkets. They are so wrong, offensive and	I have to learn to not give attention to ads for supermarkets. I can use that time for something more productive.	1
I want to bury myself into a hole and disappear worried stressed fedup don't want this assessment tomorrow NOvoice just	My assessment is a good way to learn and educate myself even tho it is stressful.	1
Why go to school when I could just light myself on fire and feel the same way?	Even though it's hard, school will help me be a better person.	1
man so tired after a day of school but can't sleep cuze i have night that i need to attend sleepy tired	I would love to be finished with this night class so that I can go get a good night's sleep.	1
bad week just gets worse, 2014 get your act together and give me a break!!	This week wasn't the best, 2014 it's being a rough year. But I'm confident it will give me a break soon, and things will be better.	1
I just went back to school today And I'm already stressed cause we have MIDTERMS NEXT WEEK !!! AND THIS WEEKEND -_- JAM PACKED :-(	Well, just think by the end of next week we'll be all done with the midterms!	1
I can't believe I left my history notebook with the packet at school! Now how am I supposed to write this DBQ? crying	I left my history notebook at school, but I’m sure I can borrow someone else’s notes.	1
Want to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry!	I want to stand on top of a hill and take in the magnificent views from that height.	1
Why does the water softener have to be broken. My skins drying out and I can't get a single knot out of my hair!!!!	I have to maintain patience while doing my works.	1
I don't even think I broke out this bad back in my middle school puberty days	Need to learn how to take better care of my face, so my skin is clearer.	1
I tell you and you get mad still ! Okay whatever :/ drama hateit tired restless	At least I'm telling you, don't mind if you get mad.	1
Weird to think that this time tomorrow I'll be done with 2 of my 4 finals surreal	This time tomorrow I'll be done with 2 of my 4 finals. I'm glad to be getting it!	1
Wish I owned the wardrobe to Narnia, I could do with a secret escape to another world. fantasy	Wish I owned the wardrobe to Narnia, I can explore different places.	1
Was so sad being in class today, doing my music exam knowing 5sos were in Scotland!! depression dilemma	Missed out on 5sos today but I'm sure I have smashed my music exam.	1
Can I have a break with NO work-related calls and follow ups please???!!! toxic tired	I would be too glad to have a break with no work-related calls and follow -ups as I am tired.	1
I'm in desperate need of a girls night. To just vent drink and let loose.	A great way to unwind is to have a girls night-out. It's all about gossip, drink and dance:)	1
hello! sorry i havent been posting  i have finals next week and im like soooooo ill be posting regularly after next week!!	Hello! I temporarily haven't been posting due to exams and feeling under the weather, but I'll resume posting regularly after next week!!	1
All i want is to see and hear my older brothers voice so i know hes okay. :( &DepressedToTheMax :'(	I would be happy to hear from my older brother to confirm that he is safe and sound.	1
Dress shopping with 3 girls fuck I should have thought this threw before I got in the car	Even though girls take a long time to shop and I will be shopping with them, at least I will buy some stuff too so that's good.	1
My last college application is due in less than 3 hours and I have yet to complete my portfolio	I have three hours to complete my portfolio, then I have completed all my college applications.	1
Everyday you wake up your destiny depends on what you do, sometimes I roll up when I'm stressed out, and sometimes I roll 2..	When I wake up I know it's going to be a great day. That's the mindset I tell myself, no need for drugs.	1
The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit SURF stuff. ugh	The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit stuff. I think I have to find alternate way	1
Selling my house. Moving. Deciding who to live with. Oh and if I want to stay at union or go to broken arrow my senior year.	Despite having many things to do, deciding for my future makes me happy, especially if I can choose things like my home, my roommates and my future college.	1
Why did I take up home Ec!!! stressed so hard never ends leavingcert hate screwed	Home economics is very hard, but I'm glad it will be over eventually.	1
One day at a time. In the end it'll be okayif it's not okay, it's not the end.	Just one day at a time, I'll be fine at the end.	1
Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. Thelma and Louise? He'll come back having bought a house!	Im happy my husband is having a break away	1
Don't know who or what, but something/one doesn't want me to finish this project I'm working on So many things wrong with it!!	I'm having such a hard time on my project but I know that I'll push through it.	1
My job will be the death of me! I cannot handle being up till 4 with class the next morning tired TGIF	I can't handle my job and class simultaneously. Waking up till 4 frustrates me.	1
Due to the circumstances of today I think Bugers, Fries, and Wine will be on call. shouldworkout	After this tough day I will have a burger and fries. Tomorrow is a new day.	1
I think I just had a heart attack. WeTheNorth  as Toronto loses its collective mind.	Things are crazy in Toronto at the moment, but they always settle down again, this won't last.	1
Tired CleaningMood. ii kinda wish i had to work this week to keep mi mind occupied on sumthin other tge negativitti	I am going to start thinking more positively about every situation I encounter.	1
What a day. Half way done with everything I need to do just add 7 hours of work in the middle of it all	After this day passes, I am going to take some time to relax myself.	1
I really wish i could go to the batting cages and just hit the crap out of some balls.	I’ll feel great when I get to go to the batting cages and hit some balls.	1
Just sitting in my stats class working on my teach portfolio. Sorry prof, I can't focus today. finals	I have problems focusing now in stats class because of finals. But finals will be over soon, and I'll be back to normal.	1
So freaking frustrated and upset and I just kind of feel like a failure right now. WellIAm	I am feeling very frustrated right now, but I know it's ok to feel like this sometimes, tomorrow I will feel better	1
I didn't even realize I was writing fuck every other word on my English paper	I finally realized that I was writing bad words every other word and now I can stop it	1
Brain is frazzled. Poorly baby and now I'm cramming RIDDOR etc ready for tomorrow's interview with a view to start work Monday!	I'm cramming for the interview which I'm sure I'll nail!	1
I'm so over the rest of this semester and the next 2 years of nursing school	Only 2 more years left of school until I have my dream job!	1
Been scrap booking 3 days straight with sickness.. So tired Can I just be done?!	Hopefully I can stop scrap booking while I am sick and get some energy back into my life.	1
Violently ill last night >;.>; threw up the happy meal I had :/ that with a head ach dont mix at all!	I feel sick but usually I have gone through this kind of situation the next day, so I will be fine soon.	1
I really just want to go in the middle of a field and scream for about 10 min. frustrated restless	I think I would feel better if I go out into the field and scream for 10 minutes to vent out my feelings.	1
Really been spending too much time with my pals cos they're really pissing me off	I'm spending too much time with my pals, and sometimes I feel they're annoying me. But still, I'm glad that I have them by my side.	1
Hve a head cold, atm. You know that's when your body is telling you that you've been overworking and stressing yourself. downtime	I've worked hard enough that I deserve some downtime to ease my stress.	1
It's too late to be up and too early for me to be up Here's to hoping the sandman pays me a visit	Really wish I was asleep but at least if I stay up tonight I will be exhausted tomorrow and have a good night sleep.	1
I would seriously pay someone to come over and give me a back massage	I was so tired I think I need to get massage.	1
Its gonna be one of those weeks, when you know youre gonna have a mental breakdown or two..	This week is one of the bad ones, but I think next week would hold something good in store for me.	1
Feeling stressed! I'll be glad when I'm in the house and paying the mortgage! This waiting to hear malarkey is driving me mad!	I am glad about paying the mortgage when I am in the house, but waiting to hear malarkey is something I don’t like.	1
Should really go to computers But after that class I want to go home and cry while hugging my dogs. pathetic	I should take rest after completing my class.	1
14:34 for a mile and a half, my best time yet. Still nervous for Friday tho	I'm nervous but excited about the big race on Friday. I've trained hard and just broke a personal record, so I'm in great shape for the main event!	1
I can't believe it's already going to be September tomorrow. ..time seriously needs to slow down right now!! :(	It's almost going to be September soon but thankful for Christmas coming up.	1
Ugh ! Remind me not to volunteer to do apartment bldgs ! 90 papers took me 2 1/2 fucking hrs ! Totally pissed off and tired !	Making buildings is difficult but it’s good because it brings a big reward.	1
Should be chilling in the sun instead I'm having to try find another dress incase mine doesn't arrive in time :( !	I hope the dress I have ordered comes on time so that I can enjoy the sun like others are doing today.	1
I burned my face with my straightener. ThisNeverHappenedBefore Stressed don't be stressed smile lol	An accident happened to me, sooner I'll be fine.	1
Raaaaa if this was to be the other way round all hell would have kicked off!!	Thankfully, it wasn't the other way around, everything happened correctly.	1
How many times will I learn the same lesson and still do the same mistake.. I pity myself :(	It's only a matter of time until I stop making this mistake on this same lesson.	1
easy decision right Gotta be aztec4life RT: Man, this decision is getting harder and harder..	Life's getting harder every day which means I am also getting smarter every day.	1
I hate being upset and annoyed. And I don't feel like doing anything today and I just woke up.	I will go back to sleep and feel better when I wake up.	1
I should probably start on all my homework and studying but first ill take a relaxing bath	I would be good if I start my homework and studying after a relaxing bath.	1
My mind feels as unsettled as my stomach It's going to be a long night. sick	My mind and my stomach are both unsettled tonight, but I hope the morning holds something good for me.	1
to the max? You need extra B vitamins, C, magnesium, and selenium whenever your adrenals are being taxed, esp. long term. If you find yourself needing to nap, do so (when you can).Try not to rely on caffeine/stimulants just to push through and keep going.	To get maximum results take extra B vitamins, C, magnesium, and selenium whenever you feel your adrenals are being taxed. Take naps when its appropriate and don't just rely on caffeine/stimulants to keep yourself going. I hope these tips will help!	1
Its insane how the playoffs have an impact on how fast my heart is beating.	It's amazing how exciting the playoff is.	1
Is it bad that I don't know what major to choose for college and I graduate in a few months?	I hope to choose my major for soon as my graduation is nearing.	1
Just because times are hard never give up God always comes through remember it doesn't rain forever woman man kids TeenMom teenagers gayrights abuseisnotagame	God always comes, remember that when it rains the rainbow comes out. We all have rights	1
I have soo many things to do in such a short amount of time that it's just stupid	I have a busy few weeks but I’m up to the challenge.	1
This Dubai rental story gives me so much unnecessary anxiety every year. When will these crazy landlords stop their antics!	Landlords are always tough to handle but at least I have an interesting story from the experience.	1
I kno this is just another challenge god has for me to motivate me to work harder . It's hard but I'm determined . Prayers	I am grateful for always having God by my side even when I have a lot of work, I feel that in these difficult days a prayer improves everything.	1
Dont call me ,Trailer Trash. My trailer is very clean and immaculately decorated. thursdaymorning sunset LoveIsNotTourism LGBTQ tuesdayvibes fridaymorning lifestyle Trends racism TuesdayMorning Tuesday thursdaymorning SatanicElite Weird StreamingNow	Living in a trailer does have its perks.	1
So want to have good grades and pass all my exams but at the same time I just Cba to put the time and effort in :( feels	I hope to be done with my exams so that I get good grades and graduate soon.	1
Sometimes I wish I had someone who just made all the tough decisions in life for me. whattodo	It is tough to make tough decisions but that experience helps to mould you in life.	1
My chances of getting into the school in Canada are very slim But I don't want to live in California	Even though I can probably get into a school in Canada, I can think of several good points about going to California.	1
Too. Early. 3:30 am wake up call can't even. Also WHY DO I HAVE SO MUCH GREY HAIR stressed filmlife	I've got a 3:30 am wake up call and my hair is turning grey. I'll look good as a silver fox.	1
Who would have ever guessed that it would be so freaking hard to get three different grades from two different schools together.	I didn't realize it would be such hard work to get three different grades from two different schools, but I'm thankful I'm at least able to attend these great institutions.	1
The moment you sit and ponder on decisions you're making and literally think WTF am I doing???? thestruggle	When you think about the mistakes you made and realize that you're still here it's a good feeling.	1
Right now is the night I wish I had the special someone to talk to but nope I'm lonely like fuck !!	I don't have a special someone to talk to right now, but I love myself and I know I can get through any situation!	1
Too much to do constantly can't remember the last time I had a night where I didn't have work or some other brain numbing task	Despite a lot of work I've been having lately, I must be grateful that I'm not idle.	1
I swear i hve never been thur so much bullshyt in my life untill i met my baby daddy	My baby daddy has some problems, but I tell myself that I can work through them.	1
Can't wait to be done with nursing school so my face will stop breaking out.	The nursing school might be hard but after I finish it, I will be more skilled.	1
Juggling 20 credit hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke. tired	Hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke hope this situation change.	1
I'm going to cry this week I don't know when but it will happen.  school	I look forward to the moments of joy this week will bring to me.	1
Something's has to give somewhere along the lines, before I snap and go crazy. panic stressed	Very stressed out right now; got to make a big change for sanity.	1
When you're not feeling so well and your neighbors start playing loud, annoying musicFeeling and Annoyed .	My neighbors should learn to play their music softer.	1
Ugh I hate not being able to film videos especially for this long . Hopefully everything dies down soon	After it dies down, I can film my videos again.	1
I think the amount of stress I've been under causes heart attacks and mental illness	It is true that stress causes heart attacks and illness.	1
Legit so pissed about today. I shouldn't have to work when it's not in my availability	I am not happy that I have to work outside my schedule but at least I'll get a bigger paycheck!	1
I don't think I'm gonna get to go home for Christmas this year and I feel oddly depressed but relieved about it lonelychristmas	I don't think I'm going to get to go home for Christmas this year, and that makes me feel bad. But also, that makes me feel relieved, and I'm thankful for that.	1
Thought I'd have a stress free evening wrapping presents. Got that wrong, paper, ribbion and sellotape everywhere	Try to remember what those presents are for.  I'm sure the people who will get them will be very appreciative.	1
Meeting with a prof today and he didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. AmIInTrouble I feel like bad news is coming.	Meeting with a prof today who didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. Time to learn not to bother much about the outcome of such meetings.	1
My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements I I've resorted to sitting outside if his office	I think my pre-legal consultant is busy, I will wait a little longer, soon he will answer me	1
I hate that moment when your so frustrated that tears just start to flow out. Yet there is nothing you can do about it.	There will always be bad and frustrating moments, but I need to raise my head and move on.	1
sorry about all the complaining, i have a lot going on in my life, people dont understand	It's okay for me to complain at the moment I need to look after myself and things will get better soon.	1
Pay a small fortune every month for my iMac.for it to turn black every 5 minutes.Scammed	I should get a better iMac as spending a fortune on the current one looks useless.	1
I can tell when I'm truly stressed because one day I'll forget to eat and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes.	Being stressed is part of the human life so I just got to get used to it.	1
Seriously my life sucks right now but the only thing I know to do is trust in god. faith	I'm sure everything will be ok, God is on my side, and he will make everything work out in the end.	1
Urgh is how I feel right now :-( few more weeks till uni is over. I cannot wait	I don't feel alright now, but it is a few weeks until uni is over and all will be okay.	1
Behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. Hows your day going?	Behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. But I have to stay strong and keep going, because complaining is not going to take me anywhere.	1
Thought there was suppose to be a snow day.. My day is ruined. midterms tired	My midterms are still on, but at least the snow looks pretty.	1
I hate it when other people or companies mess up but im the one who feels guilty about it. Everyone expects me to have all the answers and be able to fix things with a click of my fingers. depression mentalhealth	I can't be so hard on myself for something that isn't my fault.  I just have to take things one at a time.	1
I'm over people not sending it in but can ya at least text ,Facebook, tell someone in my family, anything to let me know ! Ugh!	Technology helps me to communicate with people.	1
My one complaint about college is all the annoying forms and wondering if you filled something out correctly.	I need to be more patient and understand that filling forms is part of entering a college.	1
How the Rangers AND Knicks can break my heart in the same day is absurd.	Both the Rangers and Knicks have disappointed me today. I hope they have better days ahead.	1
I live two minutes from my office. Yet sometimes, it takes forever to get to work. I hate traffic	Leaving my house earlier will help me get to work faster and avoid traffic.	1
If I make it through the next few weeks without an actual breakdown I will have achieved something	I know I can survive the next few weeks, I need to be strong, I will don't collapse.	1
and Its Only Monday! Waaaah Think Ill Have A Cheeky Jerry Tonight To Soothe The Pain	Had a great day and I need to pamper myself today.	1
Dreamt last night I won a Fell Race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes?!	Funny dream last night where I won a race but was dq'ed for custom shoes. Looks like I need to get more into fashion	1
If you havent cried at LEAST 3 times today, are you really in grad school? lonely	Grad school is tough but I really care about it, one of the most important things in my life is my education.	1
Hate being pissed off  need to go home to see mother Theresa and the father	I need to learn how to relax and control myself! Everything happens for a reason!	1
Need to get crackin so I can get my own place and move the fuck out before I lose it. So much shit to do!	I will be able to move from this place to get my own soon, I just have to be patient.	1
Major prepping for my interview on Monday. By prepping of course I mean cramming as much research as I can into my tiny brain.	I am cramming my brain with so many things for my interview on Monday, but I am sure I will be the winner.	1
You KNOW you've had a bad day at work when a customer yells at you and looks like she's about to attack you.	Work was tough today but at least it's over now, and now I can relax tonight!	1
anxious irritated panicky excited hopeful ambivalent wideawake oh! These mixed emotions are driving me crazy. T_T	Experiencing a set of strong emotions shows me that I still have the ability to feel.	1
Worst day of my life. Can't wait to go to bed and wake up and it be over! badluck	Today was one of the worst days of my life but I at least can wake up tomorrow.	1
Isis has eye drops 52 and willow is being booked for the 2nd. I also reserved dog harnesses. stressed but pups are	I have bad experience with dogs but some of them are kind.	1
I cant wait to get to that point in my life when Im thankful for all the hard times but for now I wouldnt mind those hard times easing up juuuuuust a tad.	I wish the hard times would ease up right now, but this will make the better times even better	1
If someone says one wrong thing, or I so as do something stupid, I will cry. And it will not be pretty.	I hope a good night's sleep improves my mood and clears my head.	1
After weeks of not biting my nails I thought I had almost broken my habit But now I know I haven't	I completed several weeks of not bitting my nails!	1
Of course the truck would die on my way back to my parents house on the night I have a 3pg paper and two tests due by midnight.	Life is full of challenges but each challenge is a lesson and I will grow from my truck breaking and having to get this paper done.	1
All the MBA Management classes are taking all the professors and leaving no classes for undergrads and I feel like crying.	There aren't many undergrad classes this semester because the profs are all doing MBA Management classes. I'll use this as an opportunity to broaden my horizons.	1
When ur so stressed out and u feel like ur about to explode and just want to cry MeRightNow Tired HeartBroken	When you are so busy that you just want to lie down and relax and forget all the worries.	1
i didn't think it would be this difficult to work while i was down here. the florida life is no joke.	It is difficult to work right now, but the weekend will be coming up shortly!	1
I give up I'm to tired to look! Round 2 of the passport search will start tomorrow sleep bed tired angry !!	I am too tired to search now. I hope round 2 of passport search will be fruitful.	1
Husband just told me he was leaving me after 12 yrs and 4 kids .. guess nothing is what it seems to be .. single worried	I am grateful for 12 years and 4 kids with my husband but now a new chapter begins.. single and free.. nowd	1
there's always something I could be doing. I just usually choose not to do it.	There's always something I could be doing. I'll just go do it.	1
some quite awkward conversations happening in the same day is a lot to take - have a feeling there'll be more to come too :/	Daily some conversations may be awkward we should accept it.	1
men are such pains to clothes shop with neveragain .. cuppa tea and my monkey onesie are in order. x	I will get better at selecting clothes for men and not complain as much.	1
go out the weekend or have a few drinks in the house seeing as the mothers away? either way in getting drunk	I'll have a few drinks while I decide what to do for the weekend...	1
Really need to get away, annoyed with these sleepless nights and hassle all the time. angry annoyed just wanna be myself again	I know that all the hard-work I put today will be tomorrow's joy!	1
The weight off my shoulders doesnt take away the sick feeling in my stomach nervous	I hope the lingering knot in my stomach goes in the coming few days.	1
Everyone tweeting about how it's summer for them mean while I still have two exams ugh	Just two exams and I can enjoy summer along with everybody else.	1
Its seriously like an up and down roller coaster of emotion if I want the end of the year to come or not just wanna stay young!	Since I can't control what I feel, I decide to learn from what I'm feeling!	1
Can somebody please dig me a hole so I can lay in it and never come out. sad confused	I understand that feeling sad is normal, so I'll accept that I'm feeling that way, and look for the best way to feel better	1
I hate teachers who make my but a book but then make their lectures and study guides completely different	Lectures and study guides completely different I think I have to follow one thing	1
Had a Scooby-Doo/Hunger Games dream with ghosts, amusement parks, stabbing, and a guy in a cake costume with real	I had a fun dream about scooby-doo!	1
Cold sore the week of prom? Why don't I just stick a fork through my eye as well.	Cold sore the week of prom? That's not good, but I'm sure I'll be better when the day comes.	1
Got to finish this damn homework TODAY!! stressed On a positive note it's FRIDAY and the first of the month!!	At the end of the day I will have finished the homework and I can enjoy the weekend stress free.	1
Attempted to eat but only ate half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana &	I am happy that I could eat half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana .	1
I seriously need a spa day. Need to start looking for deals. A massage and facial is much needed. tired	I'm tired, but I can't wait for a spa day.  I'm so excited to just take a break!	1
Its like Friday righ now with the stock market like wtf is going on Lmaoo	It may be a confusing time, but I know that I can remain calm in the storm.	1
Midnight walks to clear up your head from all that studying is always somewhat refreshing	A midnight walk to clear up the head from studying is refreshing.	1
My decision making skills are awful and in times like these I wish someone knew the future and could tell me what I need to do..	I am fortunate that my parents are always there for me to help me out with good advice.	1
Seriously wish I could sleep from now and wake up on the 19th December!! So much to do!	I have a lot to do but soon it will be the 19th and I'll get to relax!	1
Why is Chislehurst only 15min parking for under 5 spend, only needed few items but not familiar with store,only two tills open queue at SS, Ive trouble walking, blue badge!	Chislehurst onky has 15 min parking for under 5 spend so I will use it as an excuse to get some retail therapy and buy some more!	1
I need a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy WalkI hate going home and being behind	I will learn how to do Bobble and Sex Walk and I will be on an equal footing with everyone	1
And here we go again with six days working in a row. thursdayhurry tired money	I'm working againg 6 days in a row, but I'm making a lot of money	1
Writing today off as a fail! Why is it always the case when one thing goes wrong everything does! fail	Today has gone badly; troubles have piled up. I need to manage trials better.	1
So sick of finding pure white hairs, curse of the aging ginge. I'm only 28! gettingold	I am finding pure white hairs more often now, I'm sure It's natural occurance though.	1
My excitement for beyonce is being crushed by this Econ final on Friday as well terrified	Worried about my Econ final on Friday, thankfully I can listen to Beyonce while I study,	1
I've been awake for close to an hour and a half and I don't think there's any way I'm getting back to sleep	I have been awake for almost an hour and I hope to fall asleep soon	1
I have been studying so hard this whole week.. I literly can't wait for school to be over..	I have been studying so hard this whole week, and I can't wait for school to be over. But I'm happy with my effort, and grateful for everything I learned.	1
I work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam.	I am going to get through this stronger.	1
Just looking at my schedule and realized that this is going to be a rough 4 months	Just looking at my schedule and realized that this next 4 months are going to be really challenging, but I know I will come through!	1
who's that? RT: weenda I'm stressed,, thinking about which one will debut and which one will breaking up,,	Being stressed before a debut is normal so there is nothing wrong.	1
It's like every bad thing that's gonna happen has to happen all at the same time	Sometimes it feels like bad things happen all at once, so I just need to focus on one thing at a time.  That way I don't stress myself out.	1
this has got to be a joke! there's only 5 more weeks of the semester left?!?!?!?!	It may seem like a joke but the fact is that there are only 5 weeks left for the semester.	1
I better not be getting sick, too much stuff happening this week, as it is	With so many things happening this week, I hope to keep in good health.	1
What's the opposite of sleeping like a baby? Because that's me as of late tired	I have not been sleeping like a baby lately, but I will find a way to not be so tired.	1
Still can't believe all that happened last night Now on my way to the ACT	Even after everything that happened last night I will move ahead stronger!	1
Why is it when you're in a rush every other car has to drive so slow?!  COME ON	I will learn how to be more patient. I understand that some people are more energetic than others during the morning.	1
When i finally feel a little chilled in the bath my bloody nose starts to bloody bleeding.. ShitMonday	My nose started bleeding in the bathtub, but luckily I have tissues nearby to stop the bleeding. Thankful!	1
In just going to apologize now to for witnessing my bitchy vent session I had at work today sorry	I think I would feel lighter if I apologize for the vent session that I had at work today. I must never let this happen again.	1
Bought some weights and yoga DVDs. Hopefully keep fit during this pregnancy n keep my mind off things.	These weights and yoga exercises will improve me as a person	1
Can this night just please be erased from my memory ? Worst game ever .	This game was a bad one, this is a night I don't want to remember so soon	1
3 signs that the person is working in CorporateWorld stressed , depressed , and Still well Dressed	People nowadays are stressed and that's the new normal it seems.	1
This day has been terrible. I wish I new what to do next in my life. stuck	I had a bad day, but if I can figure out what I want to do with my life, things should get better.	1
As a blogger it's intimidating to keep up with all these media outlets/publications pushing out content like crazy	A lot of things happening at the same time. As a blogger, I should learn how to filter pertinent information.	1
Had to go get a 2nd beer, need something to slow down my heart rate.	I got a second beer to relax my body	1
The first Uni to get back to me was which is my top choice so I was very very happy!!	The fact that I will go to the university of my choice it means I will study with more motivation, and I will become more skilled.	1
It's so sad that 5sos is going their separate ways from 1d..struggle now is having to purchase tix to 2 spectate shows	Now that the two groups have to separated, they can become more independent and maybe make better music.	1
Trying to make a presentation, fuck this, what is this evenFinals need to be done! overit finals	Even though I'm ready for the finals to be over, I'm thankful for the hard work I put towards them.	1
When follows you and you're watching black swan and you don't know what or how to feel	Black swan is an amazing film that brings indescribable sensations	1
Taking a road trip through Mexico is no joke and I think I might die	Traveling to Mexico will be incredible. I will be able to see all the beauties and sights	1
Now to write my photographer pages. She could've told us the sketchbook was due today on Friday -_-	Now to write my photographer pages. She could have told us the sketchbook was due today on Friday. At least I will be going on vacation soon!	1
Come up to me ill snap you in two quicker then Messi and xavi played that old skool one two	I would like to think that my football skills rival that of Messi and Xavi.	1
Heres to hoping I get to actually sit down and chill out this eve  worstweek	Had a really had work week but I’m happy I get to relax now.	1
Stay at my job for the over time, although I'm not happy or leave. Decisions decisions.	I need to rethink my priorities and consider whether staying longer at work is a good choice for my mental health.	1
One week back into school and I'm already about to go insane. ". Basically. xc	I hope I will settle into this school routine soon.	1
Payton's mom is trying to get me to sign up for a mud run this summer and I think I might die. 1. I hate running 2. I'll be deep in prep by summer. 3. You have to sign up by New Years.	I'm going to prepare myself for the mud run instead of being afraid of it.	1
Can't believe my case just broke had to pack and repack to fix it not happy	I had to repack my case but at least it's sorted now and I get to go on an amazing holiday.	1
I feel like my wedding is slowly falling apart instead of coming together like it should	My wedding plans are not coming together as I had hoped, but my wedding will still be special.	1
Soo much to do arghhh!!! Just want to go to bed and nothing forever :(	I have a lot on my plate today, but tomorrow is a new day,	1
Ma call of duty don't work I wanna black out but that not gonna help it	My game isn't working, I'm sure if I reset the system it will start working again though	1
Only thing keeping me calm is watching's videos. I'm about to do that rn college tired nosleep remedy work	I'm thankful that I have movies to keep me calm amidst the nonstop college work.	1
been lazy since I got home yesterday but I deserved it after the last two weeks	I am thankful that I had the opportunity to rest yesterday after being very busy the last two weeks.	1
so my parents didn't realise the clocks went forward and now I'm late because they promised me a lift	I'm going to be a little late, my parents forgot about daylight savings time.	1
Body is aching like a bitch! But bring on last day of assessments and callbacks! Can't wait for it all to be over!	Only one more day until assessments and callbacks are done!	1
When I txt u that means Iwanna talk 2u. No replies 4the past 3days means I'm bothering u? Not sure tell me if Iam plz!	If I want to text I want to talk. But if you don't then I need communication	1
I absolutely hate logic, we've been on 4 problems for well over 7 hours KillMe	Working hard at these logic problems. I will understand this one day!	1
me too trust I'm right there with you /: RT Am I the only one who feels like crying tonight? tired	Crying isn’t so bad, especially if you say such touching things to me.	1
No one should ever be as confused about their own emotions as I am right now..	I am going to give myself time to explore my emotions.	1
I am in desperate need of a break from life. Also known as a vacation. Get me the hell out here!!	Life is tough right now, and I could really use a vacation.	1
Can someone just come and take me away for a little while? I just need a break.	I understand that clearing myself in something else might help.	1
My check for work bounced, it's been a week 1/2. So fed up with work.	Thankful for the money from my work to get into my account	1
Wtf do you do when there's mice in the basement and your cats been chasing them all night ugh	It is better to find some means to put an end to the cats chasing the mice in the basement.	1
Just wanna cry!! Hate uni work, don't get it! Too hard, want to go back to bed and hide under my covers!!	I don’t like uni work as it is too hard. I hope to pull through this with the help of God.	1
When I legit spend 45minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab you know how serious I	The fact that I study carefully means that I will be more skilled and knowledgeable in the future.	1
Slowly dying with all the work I have to get done between now and Saturday. overwhelmed	Hope to catch up with all the work that I have to get done between now and Saturday.	1
I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. finals	I have enough time until finals, and I'm already preparing so I'm set.	1
Just thinking about how crazy this week is going to be makes me want to drop out of school, quit my job and be a hobo.	I think this week will be very difficult. But I'm grateful to at least have a job and study, it would be very difficult if I didn't.	1
Typical me to not do any homework and wait until last minute why do I do this every time	I changed, now I do my homework in advance.	1
10 stitches in my finger my handwriting is type FUCKED UP rn struggling writinghand cantholdafuckingpen	I know that my hand will eventually heal, and I will feel much better.	1
Arghhhhhh some people really grind my gears Supposed to be helping people and don't help one bit :(	Some people are so irritating, but I'm going to persevere and learn from this experience while trying to help people.	1
Wowzersthis school. They just realized I was behind on 2 credits from three years ago. wtf	The school just told me that I was behind on a few credits from years ago. It'll be fun to take classes again to make it up.	1
I swear to get one of these days I'll just go to college I'm my pjs. tired	I'm excited to go to college in my PJs and no one can stop me.	1
Worst day EVER. Only one thing for it. Getting ma nails did on Thursday! bluemonday manicuresmakeitbetter	Today was made a lot better knowing that I'll be getting my nails done on Thursday.	1
I'm going to have to make it until Sunday Then hopefully i can make things right.	I am waiting for Sunday to make things right.	1
all those people going the same speed on the a66 and its me they pick out Fuming	I got caught for speeding but I will know to go less fast next time.	1
5 paragraphs out of 8 and I have completely given up in my junior paper failing crying	I have a few paragraphs done so I am glad for the work I have put in.	1
I seriously need to get my D up. smh notme straightAstudent this cant be happening.	I must work hard to improve myself.	1
Really wish I was built to let things roll off my back instead of carrying the weight of worry.	I need to relax more and just let things work themselves out, I won't last long if I keep carrying all this worry with me.	1
Thinking of all the things I need to do is making me want to cry!	I am very busy, but I know that this is fleeting and soon everything will be back to normal.	1
It's sad that 2017 is here and I feel like I already want to let everything go	I hope 2017 brings with it better luck for me.	1
When ppl ask u how are u.,. n you're like I'm doing great but ur mind is like.,.ooh i'm sad	I have not always been honest with my feelings, but I can take steps to be more authentic.	1
I'm so drained. Almost sick. Like a headache and nausea, but and depressed. I just wanna laydown for ever lolbs	I'm feeling really down but things can only go up from here once I take a few days to rest and recover.	1
I've been sick for over a week. Coughing and a sore throat. Oh, and now I'm losing my voice. Greaaattt SickBeforeFinals	Im really sick right before finals but at least it isn’t during finals.	1
So apparently my shoulder is still too fucked up to do anything normal . reallyfuckinpissed irked Crying	I can't do my daily activites due to my shoulder injury, I can still sit and enjoy reading a book with a cup of coffee.	1
Anyone take AP lit last year that could offer a few tips for tomorrow's exam?	I would be happy to get someone who took AP lit last year to offer some tips for tomorrow’s exam.	1
entrepreneurs if you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation	Body transformations are amazing for stress	1
Ive been trying force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days	I have been immersed in creativity till i have'nt had a sleep in the last two days.	1
update on lacrosse for me, I'm sore, I'm tired, we won, and there's only 2-3 weeks left.	I am sore and tired from lacrosse, but we won the game which is the most important thing.	1
Got the worst headache ever. That power rangers tour was just to much, canny be dealing with fighting maws n da's for free toys	I hope to get over this headache caused by the power rangers tour. It would be good to stop playing.	1
Going to Dublin today but it wouldn't be Belgium if those trains would be ON time would it? Ofcourse not fun not exited	Sometimes delays happen, I'm sure I can still get there in time, or let them know that I will be arriving late.	1
Who knew pharmacy is such a crazy job. Don't think this job is for me but ill stick it in a little further.	Pharmacy is not a good job. Though this does not seem to be the right job for me, I’ll stick to it for some more time.	1
What is wrong with this school?! Quiz on Fri, then no school Mon, come back Tues got another quiz then Finals on Wed.	As my school gives me more activities, my constancy grows to exceed limits.	1
I WISH YOU WOULD JUST CHILL OUT! I am working as hard as I can	I am doing the best I can rifht now.	1
Finally THe Boys r in bed so just Standing Here for another half an Hour and Then I can go downstairs and do what I want to!!!	Finally, my sweet Boys are in bed, so I'm just standing here and watching over them for another half an hour. Then I can go downstairs and relax!!!	1
Was expecting thfc 2 do their usual stuff ie self implosion.I'm disappointed, now self imprisoned in a bowl of cookies and cofee nxa	They may have another chance to perform a self-implosion.	1
I just want to look into the future and see what job ill have so I can pick a damn major already!	So hard to pick a major, but soon I will be settled at college and working towards my dream job!	1
I'm really not looking forward to being the delivery driver tonight on these roads. (Or any road for that matter)	I need to find ways to avoid driving on dangerous road conditions while doing my delivery job.	1
I have such a crazy week ahead and all I wanna do is sleep it off. busy	This week has been a tough one and some sleep would do me good.	1
Reduce workplace stress. Causes include long hours, heavy workload and conflicts with coworkers or bosses. stressed	Work causes stress to people and people just need to learn to deal with it.	1
The fact that I've been up since 5am I'm still late for work. ! The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful!	I've been up since 5am, and I'm still late for work. The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful, but unexpected things happen, and it's okay.	1
I seriously wish I were 21 right nowI need a drink to take this edge off	Looking forward to being 21, then I can have a drink to take this edge off!	1
I Hate it Here I want to Die. I ordered a whore and all it did was make things worse. She even tried ripping me off! God, I fricken hate my life. Maybe I do need to go see my parents.	I am at a bad place in my life but it will get better soon.	1
Quit gambling for a reason&feel like that's all I have been doing with life choices this past week. choices needprayer godswork	Since I've quit gambling I've been able to focus on the important things to better myself.	1
I wish I had a bae who would be there when I got home with halls and Kleenex and a coffee dreamingatwork sick	Missing not having someone to take care of me when I'm sick. I think this has shown me I need to get out dating soon then I can find someone great.	1
Anyone else here that is claustrophobic and had a root canal where they used a rubber dam? anxiety	Time to get this root canal taken care of.	1
Lost my keys and spilled my coffee.. Not a good way to start my finals week	I lost my keys and spilled my coffee, not a good way to start my final's week. I hope it is over soon, so I can rest.	1
Every time I log into Nelnet to make a loan payment, I feel like the number never goes down	Making loan payments feels like a neverending task, but I know I won't last forever and I'll get it done.	1
Haven't been feeling like me the past couple of days, and still feeling horrible. exhausted	I hope I am able to recover my health in the next few days and get well.	1
Interview tomorrow with the college I want to go to, plus a maths exam. nervous scared . :/	Loads of things on my mind, I need to make a list, prioritise and work through it all calmly and I will feel much better.	0
when youre too tired and too hungry to stay asleepis it the end of the month yet? exhausted	Today I have a lot to do. Time for productivity not procrastination.	0
I desperately want school to be over, but I need it to last longer so I can pull up my grades	I'm going to look after my mental health over the summer, so I don't have a mental breakdown.	0
Wen ppl chill on da toilet seat for no reason wen I need to use the bathroom	Trying to keep breathing. Extra deep	0
love what the future is going to bring but hate the feeling of getting there	I had a tough night but it's over and the holiday is just around the corner!	0
Fuckin don't know what to do. Just want summer so I can work and not see the same people everyday	I would love to get done with Christmas shopping so that I can get into holiday mode soon.	0
You know it sucks when you almost have a mental break down in class. :'( sad	I could really do with some peace and quiet for a day	0
No one can even begin to feel how I'm feeling right now. This has been the worst week of my life. overwhelmed canigetabreak :(	I'll find time for my schoolwork in between my coaching responsibilities, because that's important to me.	0
My horoscope says difficulty communicating this week. So does that mean people won't understand the F word?	Can't wait to not be responsible for Emily's clothes. As a dad I just want my daughter to get able to do things for herself soon.	0
You know you are disoriented when you try to open a car that isn't yours wtf	Not enough time in the day for all this revision. I have to spend more time on studying.	0
Time is flying, there is so much to get done, and so little time to do it! overwhelmed	I get to have a nice early morning, have a productive day at school and get the rest done before bed.	0
When life just never goes the right way, EVER! sad sick lonely annoyed depression anxietyproblems	Sore throats are somewhat irritating but I am happy that I can spend myday with pj’s and tea.	0
I feel like a chicken with its head cut off running around like a maniac right now	Having a really rough time at the moment but still managed to get myself a B in accounting.	0
If I die this semester from my work load at least will get all A's! Even though she will be down a bridesmaid!	Hopefully, this cold I'm getting won't interfere with getting my schoolwork done for the rest of the semester.	0
How can I be winning 2-0 on fifa and in the last 10 mins concede 3 wtf!!!!	I'm glad I have so many options of furniture to choose, because I'm sure I'll find something I like.	0
Sitting in an emty room the fuck out Expecting the worst, Hoping for the best :/ :(  feeling alone	Tomorrow will be a new day. I'll focus on my commitments without stressing and ejoy my time with my dog	0
Of course the week I decide to leave town I have 2 tests and a paper to do :/	The phone advisors at Wales need to make sure they know what they are talking about to ensure they can properly help the students that call in.	0
Good grief, what a day! I'd trade my drive home for a tropical bar in a heartbeat!	I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. At least I'll be able to catch up on everything.	0
15 page research paper on the conflict between Isreal and Palestine due next Friday that I haven't started	Silence calms me down when I’m all worked up.	0
Seriously hate my professor, gave us a pop quiz the day before a test and a 6 pg case study due on the day of the test	Having a test in history and chemistry on the same day is indeed tough, but hardwork leads to success.	0
Im so nervous for my team tomorrow . Been down all week like 11-3 or 10-4 in a 1 week playoff. Somehow took a 7-6-2 lead tonight thanks to Trout. Praying Snell and Co. can lead me to the championship round .	I should concentrate on my own works.	0
trying to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs is not a good idea.	Things are starting to change, and I don't really like changes. But, that's necessary and life can't be always easy.	0
the reason why I'm wide awake right now is unexplainable and is gonna hurt me bad in the morning	Finding a new profile picture to replace the unwanted one is a bit tough but you can always find a better one.	0
Sitting here looking through my notes and thinking when the fuck did we learn this? studying finals screwed	Even though I miss my friends now, I know many things that could make me happy now.	0
I guarantee il be dead this tine next week when my cw is finally finished..if im not dead youll find me in hospital	If Eric likes boys better, then that will leave more girls for me :D	0
i cant fall asleep because im having a panic attack because of this stupid chem test	My son and my gran are sick but hopefully they will feel better soon.	0
It's official. I'm not doing softball anymore. My recital's Thursday, my grades are horrid, idk what to do. dissapointed	Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts. I'll focus on things that make me happy until the pain goes away.	0
Just woke up from an hour nap and I still have a lot of homework >;_<; Whhhhyyyyy Tired Hormonal	I'm pretty sure that if I'm sincere and open to her, she will understand.	0
Do I have a scandal???!! lols (How's that possible when I'm NOT in a relationship or hooking up with anyone?! but if there's one I'd like to see it and interested to know who is playing as ME)	I'm tired today but I'm thankful I have a job that I can go to and earn some money!	0
A little bit of Florida, a little bit of Georgia, and a whole lota country in my soul countrytunes	Some people just can't run on 5 hours of sleep over three days.	0
I literally took half of Ms.Dalton's room today and put it on my table for my mock tomorrow!	My future seems to be unpredictable, so I can better go to an island and relax myself.	0
I need a convo with because he just gets it Stressed trying not to break down	I want to pick up my grades to improve and go to my dream college!	0
If I was a girl in a chick flick, now would be the time I'd cry in the broom closet.	I'm positive I can make it through the next few weeks while keeping my cool.	0
totally fed up with this bid now! :-( haven't even thought about my presentation yet :-(	Finding gray hairs on me from all the stress, however it has been great for people to have reached out to help me deal with it.	0
Left all my history notes in history class. Bout to fail this nine weeks test	Yes, they certainly were held accountable.  Bad people usually get what is coming to them so I wouldn't worry too much about it.	0
Worried about my pantomime I have to present tomorrow Not sure how to act it out!!!	I'm going to play pens game and the new season of riverdale in toggle.	0
Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! X-Mas break can't come soon enough	One day I will find the one women I dream of!	0
im so tireed of staying up real late doing hw every night cause of work.. I thought senior yr. was gonna be easy .. fml	It's hard for me to find a temporary job right now, but that's OK, because I start college it 2 months!	0
Urghhhhh as soon as you think everything is okay it all goes to crap again.	I'm having trouble sleeping.  I just need to relax and I'm sure I'll fall asleep soon.	0
It needs to be spring break so I can be on the beach in some island being served alcoholic beverages I can't deal anymore !!!!	I need to organize myself and finish my works to be able to sleep well	0
thanks for changing our flight and adding a stop and not telling us with three small children on the way to Iceland.	I need sleep to rest and recover	0
These next two weeks I gotta do all my makeup/late work , I need to bust up my grades	I feel like I need a massage and a spa appointment would make me a better person.	0
I'm to the point where a nice bottle of Blueberry Wine could possibly fix my	My homework might slow down a bit.	0
If somebody could bring me a butt load of meds for my headache..I promise I will love you forever.	I need to get an A and two B's in my A- levels, it's really high but I know I can do it.	0
Whenever you become anxious or , outer purpose has taken over, and you lost sight of your inner purpose. ~ Eckhart Tolle	I have to complete all my works before I leave.	0
I feel like shit! Stressed oh well, I have tomorrow and saturday to take my mind of it all:) Could not have come at a beteer time	I have a lot of homework and projects to do but I am determined to do them.	0
Broken down en route to Portsmouth! Gutted I'm gonna miss bag 3 points!! Hurry up mr breakdown man!	Today was not such a pleasant day, but I know some things I could do now to improve the end of the day.	0
Stress has to be the worst feeling in the world, really shouldn't let work issues get on top of me	I tried my best at the audition. We can't all win I suppose.	0
I'm in a crappy mood, so if I'm acting weird at schoolI'm sorry. Just ignore me. sick	Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school are two completely different things, but time will fix it.	0
Trying to organize my room and take care of a sick baby is impossible right now	I can think of several positive aspects that believing in God gives strenght in life	0
I should probably start reading 1984. My long day is gonna turn into a long night	Just this Friday to finish the last test.	0
frustrating times like these is when I really wish I had someone here to give me a hug and let me cry it out!	Talacre beach's check in process could do with some improvement to reduce the wait time for customers.	0
I need a glass of wine BAD!!! I promised myself to stop stressing but uhh uhh!!!!!	Soon the GRE’s will be over, and I’ll be able to further my career.	0
No uni until january! Just the small matter of dissertation, exam and placement to deal with!	Life is not easy for everyone one, and everyone has money problems and stress.	0
Your like a father to me, how am I supposed to explain so you'll understand?	Stores need to offer more normal grapes not seedless ones so my dad would stop ragging on me about getting some.	0
I hate how I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed!	It's really hard to find a team that I like in League of Legends. Maybe I'll have better luck with one of my other games.	0
This semester is going to kill me. I'm planning on going into hibernation this winter break to recover.	I have a lot to do, but I’m really proud of myself for keeping it all together.	0
imiss those late night talks .. The ones were I could just tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better.. stressed	Time to focus on making a budget, so I don't have to stress about rent, bills, and food money.	0
This day can be over anytime now exams bad day for a birthday let me tell you. Chemistry and history.. Of course..	I will talk to my teacher and will figure this out soon.	0
Realizing how little you can do with just a biology degree And I graduate in May	I have this exam tomorrow morning, got enough on my plate to think about but I just got to study hard today and I will do fine	0
1) Google prediction is both cool and scary; 2) I learned two new words recently as a result -- "bildungsroman" and "urticaria"	I am a bit confused about my life now, and I hope to get a solution soon.	0
Been trying to study for an hour an a half now.. and still no nothing	Time to learn to plan better and start my assignments sooner!	0
literally there is always something that goes wrong in my life and I don't get why I can't catch a break	I hope my mind clears a bit and I get into a positive frame of mind.	0
Flying down back roads in the dmax, trying to recover from this awful day.	I will miss a class because of trafic but I am sure the teacher will understand	0
Why do days go sooo fast when you have TONS of shit to do, but when you want time to go fast.. what do you know, it doesn't!!	It‚Äôs good that I take naps and times out when I am really busy	0
ok wheres the sign up sheet to be a fucking tree cus i know i didn't sign up for this "human" thing	As I wish to get out of here, it would be better if I go for a nice run.	0
30factsaboutme I hold everything inside and let it all build up because I hate opening up to people.	Do not get stressed. Try this interruption technique and watch your stress disappear like magic along with your pressure.	0
So much homework to do and I have so much on my mind. It's going to be impossible to get anything done.	I wish this empty feeling inside would just go away or someone will help me.	0
How long can it take for a solicitor to do my mortgage Ive been waiting since middle is February. movingday	Today I was talking about how long it's been since I had a cold sore and guess what, I have a cold sore. It was even funny!	0
I'm about to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't have ate it.	I think I'll go to sleep earlier to get a good night sleep for tomorrow.	0
Just cause I've moved on doesn't mean I've walked away. And just because I'm not there doesn't mean my heart isn't.	I need to think more positively, so that I don't feel like running onto a plane and escaping my problems.	0
It days like today I wish I was back home in my bed with my cats. tired	Job applications handed in. Now my next tackle ahead. I have to be confident	0
Anatomy seriously will be the death of me. So much studying and information, so little time every week	I didn't do very well on my interview but I'll be more prepared next time!	0
I guess its time to study for alll the tests/quizzes I have tomorrow and read a little.. schoolsucks	It would be exciting to escape aboard a cargo ship to some new place.	0
It will be a miracle if I made it through today without a mental breakdown	My day was bad but talking with my papa would make me feel a lot better.	0
People in this damn school are annoying and ignorant. I just wanna graduate and be done with this school already.	Bad situations don’t always call for me to do something, it shows me that sometimes I just need to stay calm.	0
Don't know how I feel about alot of thingsit hurts to think this was only a season confused	I will find another mode of transportation.	0
Spell check on iPhones piss me off soo much it changed they to story, wtf	I have had a lot to contend with recently and have been very brave.	0
Seriously ! What the hell back to back freaken mess ups maybe it's not meant to be . FreakingOut	I have stress but since I have two jobs they will help me get my mind away from it.	0
I thought last week was a crazy week, so far it's looking like this week will be crazier!	Once I figure out how to get to Ithaca, I will start writing my paper.	0
The level of hatred I have for this day is borderline psychotic. I need a me day.. and a case of wine.	Sharing the bus with a wasp, hopefully it will leave me alone if I leave it alone.	0
Dear jesus, please no questions on the korean war or anything to do with korea.	I'm really lucky to have such a caring mum who is willing to call me every night when I'm having a hard time.	0
It's Monday. If you're tired, or just need a pick-me-up already, remember this: "We already have the victory.	My boss has a lot of responsibility to deal with, and I will be of utility for him as long as I work here!	0
People who are when they shouldn't be wtf I just don't get it. Help me get away!	I am so exhausted, and I hope not to end up getting ill.	0
Dawgg, I'm so tired. Runnin' on 4 hours of sleep because of all the BS.	Sometimes you think about things that get you down, but the same thing happens for things that make us feel good, that's how life works	0
It's hard to have a bad day when it's so nice outside but I'm definitely having a bad day.	I have really challenged myself doing psychology and law I'll do great.	0
Why can't I be a dog? Their lives are so much easier than us humans	This week was not the best, but it can get better	0
I pray that god give me strength for the next few weeks. May he help guide and protect my family<;3 God needhelp	I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university. Time to learn to be more organized.	0
The worst part about driving is super slow people going 45 in a 65mph zone!!!	I have a lot to do. So, I'll plan my time, and get some energy to do everything.	0
Art exam mon&tues, spanish oral thurs, haven't even started the practising for the speaking exam. :(:(	Finding out that your friend is lying to you is a way of life showing you that you are trusting the wrong people! This is liberating!	0
tried to order clink n collect kitchen online. Crashed several times. Rang customer services to place order, told payment failed twice. Contact bank, money taken twice.  now have 2000 ring-fenced, no kitchen and got to pay 1000 and shop for kitchen myself.	I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses. Better later than never.	0
I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep. This is going to be a long night.	The professor scheduled me a test, lab test and lab report for the same. It's time to stop procrastinating, study and prepare.	0
Just want to go to sleep and not worry about a thing stressed decisions worried	Trying to be responsible and having a lot of problems. The good thing about it is that at least I'm trying and besides, it's normal to have problems, we're learning to deal with it.	0
This broke grad school student is now taking donations for the books are ridiculously priced fundraiser.	I have many things to do but I am capable in doing things fast so I will be done with everything.	0
Today is going to be a lazy day! Gotta get some rest, because this week is gonna be very busy and stressful! weddingsaturday	By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays, really proud of myself and what I have achieved.	0
You know it's going to be a long day when you're in the library before 7 am tired	I need to go by myself and clear my mind of all the troubling issues before me.	0
Sitting here waiting to testify and all I can think about is every sociopath freak that ever went crazy in a courthouse	I am thankful that I have outdoors environments to enjoy, hobbies and friends which help me in hard times.	0
Could I please have one morning in which I don't wake up completely exhausted? prettyplease stilltired	I took a necessary time to cry and drain all my fears.	0
Man monday suck dick i always hate um what sucks even more is making a video about how monday sucks itshard	I'm feeling anxious so I'm going to go for a drive or shoot my gun to calm down.	0
I understand the delays however your staff look cold tired Horsham Crawley them I feel for	A lot of stressful things are happening at once but it feels better if I think of all the better stuff that can happen after.	0
I've spent over 2 hours trying to do a moonpig card for kyle, im sorry but your just gunna have to get a normal one! fuck moonpig	I want my kids to take their cell phone to school because it is a great study tool	0
Fareham Asda on a Saturday is like torture! Especially with a 2 year old in tow	Trying to find a roomate for next year is nuts but I'll make it!	0
All I wanna do is take a hot bath, have a glass of wine, and cry. :(	I didn't sleep much because of the stress but I will come out of it a better and stronger person.	0
I am just so tired of how my life is working out right now. I thought I could do it but my patience is already at its limits. tired	This week seems to have come fast.	0
Half my Starbucks app done. Now to talk it over and see if I should apply at a nature camp this summer.	I have to learn to stay calm, so I don't make mistakes on the tests	0
LivetheWage day 2. Cold and damp day for public transport. Almost $9 in fares for me and son. More than half my budget	I need to prepare for the exam that starts in a week, as I have been without classes for almost 2 weeks and this can harm me.	0
I have too much shit to do for grad school to be sick for the third day in a row	There's so much pending school work since I've been sick. But I'm going to face it and make up for it since I'm feeling better now.	0
Swear it's been half 1 for the last 10 years. shattered mind and heart are racing..	Work tonight could have been better, but at least I have a job.	0
The weekend is not long enough for all the things I have to do exhausted	This second week of the semester is going to be a long and hard one, but I have decided to put in my best efforts to pass in flying colors.	0
Sitting here working my butt of, trying to get these stupid essays done, as well as trying to sort out everythink else in my life	I wanted to lay down, and wake up at a time when society isn't so bad. But that's life, and I should be enjoying the good parts of it.	0
You know it's bad when you constantly have to make to do lists for yourself	It is of course difficult to find 15 pairs of the same shoes but it can be achieved with some effort.	0
I hate English essays -_- like I am so confused with what my teacher was saying on my rough draft -_-	I don’t usually bother about exams too much, but this time I am a bit nervous about fluids tomorrow.	0
I wish that I could wake up with amnesia. And forget about the shit I still have to do	These eposodes are really important to get done but if I do them now I can focus in other important things later.	0
So if anyone could provide any help on how to get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this that would be great thanks	Last full day of school with forthcoming exams. Busy week ahead!	0
I hate course selection!!! Why do all of the required courses have to be winter notcool	I need to learn how to let go, It will do me good as a person, and will help with my mental health.	0
I wasnt ready for this episode. I am so anxious to see what these last four episode have in store. Where is this season going? How will it end? obsessed	Working for 11 hours after a bank holiday on my own means I am a very dedicated person.	0
Bad days make me wanna give up on love.. I feel like I won't find anyone ever because I'm not worth it anymore.	Professors really need to start communicating with their students, if they are going to be late.	0
I mean who the hell owns that boat?! They could of at least given us a clue	It is a challenge with an autistic child but we have gotten a new place we get move in to.	0
Everything just hit me so hard tonight I really need to get my life together	I will not let these nausea harm me in my exam, it is important to wake up early and start my studies.	0
Drs apt and last day of work today Been up for over 2 hours and its not even 6am yet  Baby-please come today!!!!!	Tomorrow will be stressful mentally and physically, but in the end I know I will do a good job	0
Biology of the cell final and a physics exam today. God help me Seriously I need everything you can do!	Just gotta get 2 1/2-3 pages of this paper done by 4:30 today, it's better than doing it all last second.	0
another on the dot try for some trainers via sneakers app couldnt go any quicker and still a fail	I only have to finish this small class to finish the year well.	0
Casual breakdown about recruitment and school. I just need one day of doing absolutely nothing!	After 3 o'clock, this work day will be over!	0
I'm really tired and shite neighbours from across the road feel the need to share their music with the street	I'm going to have a wonderful time tonight with a glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath :)	0
Were my ice bags firm enough today? Did my athletes feel an even numbing? Ugh	My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together :). This job may be killing me but it makes me so thankful about leaving work at the end of each day!	0
Yeah I definitely feel like I'm getting close to crying. I don't wanna do this work!	I'm going to study until I feel more confident about practical and theory in admin prelim.	0
Senior year= working ten times harder on a paper and still getting the same average grade on it annoyed ugh	My life will get so much better soon.	0
Aarrgggghhhh!! In need of a hug and need to de-stress :( can't be dealing with this everyday! :( longjourney	I am thankful I have a friend I can stay at since I am in need of moving somewhere else.	0
Just when I thought I could be home for at least 24hours I was corrected.	I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I miss lot f things.	0
My to-do list for tomorrow and Tuesday is ridiculous. So I'm of course watching Suits and ignoring it..	I will enjoy my night after I get off work.	0
That Exam Today Was A Disappointed " does that make sense? No? Isn't it supposed to be a 'disappointment'?	Even though I wasn't able to get a wristband first, I'm just thankful that I'm considered important at all.	0
Honestly, crying because of all of the schoolwork I have to do has become a daily thing. Is it Christmas break yet?	I am exhausted in life, but I wish to hold on and become successful.	0
Each time I check the word count of this essay it seems to go down and down tma05 e301	The awkward waiting might be discomforting but I am glad that I get to see my incredible people.	0
Don't want tomorrow or this week to come. Swim then work. School then work x2. School/homework then packing x2. stressed alreadytired	This math class is hard, and my teacher gives us heaps of work. But, I'm smart, and I know I can get everything right!	0
I'm trying to mentally prepare myself for the next three days of work and I am	While there are thousands of people trying to book the return ferry, I managed to get a spot as early as tomorrow! Glad to be ahead of the quatantine!	0
My license and debit card are both missing My anxiety just kicked up a notch..	I'll have to schedule carefully to have time for all my work and studying.	0
Be a vet technician Or go all the way? Ugh college decisions! I know my professor thinks I can do this but I'm not sure I can	Looking to relocate to another state for higher education post completing school in Michigan.	0
Really got to get myself together, start doing decent in school and working more plus sleep. Tired of being behind! struggling	I’ve had a migraine, only 6 hours sleep and not eaten in the 45 hours. I hope to feel good after a nice meal and a nap.	0
i hate scheduling. i just want to throw my stuff down the hallway and cry.	We should be always optimistic.	0
need to figure out how to survive the next few months. Somebody please cinsider donating	Hanging out with my friends bring me a piece of happiness.	0
Not excited about football tonight because it will make getting up for work tomorrow even worse, if that's even possible longweek	Even though I am stressed at least there are these cute pencils which show the stress and it's somewhat entertaining.	0
Hate homework! Been doing it since I got in from school and its still not done :( notfair noenergy fuckyouschool	Feeling really anxious about my Algebra Final tomorrow, but I'm sure if I study hard I can pass it!	0
I'm tired and cranky and angry and I just want to sleep until saturday morning so this week can be over with already. confuse	Finding work really hard at the moment but I know that if I work hard I can get to an outcome I am happy with.	0
Really not looking forward to the chemistry and biology empa exams in the next couple weeks	It's hard to find a job when they all require previous experience in that area. But I'll keep searching, and I'm sure anyday I'll find.	0
getting so frustrated that I can't get access to half the articles I need for this bloody assignment argh	I'm not receiving any callbacks for my job applications. It's time to work even harder to improve myself.	0
Fuck idk if I should take a french class or a sign language class next semester nd I needa decide in 30 mins!	Despite my type A personality, I'll function all the time with or without a clear and concise plan.	0
Go fuck a duck exams I want to sleep in Lol! kidding I need to pass	I am yet to do a 2500 essay for mid feb, so I am not able relax after my exams. But I hope to finish it soon and chill out with my cousins..	0
So tired of waiting for someday. Why can't someday be today, and everything get better?	Even though there's been lots of drama lately, I'm glad I can step back from it all and relax.	0
A year on after loosing my aunty and closing her account i am still getting letters for her poor customer service	Sometimes I have to let myself go through life to regain control of it, even after a hard day like today.	0
Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is worse than rocket science for me. Dad	I hope to survive a possible anxiety attack in the next week and a half.	0
3 days ng kulang sa tulog.. seriously needed 8 straight hours of sleep.. weekend where art thou?..	I should take my mind off of how my living space will look to relax for a bit.	0
Im literally about to break down. I can't keep dealing with people texting about the money I don't have.	It's been a tough time, but thankfully the end of the week is coming.	0
i've only been back home for a day after a relaxing weekend and I already want to get away from it all	The next week seems to be lined with activities but I'm looking forward to get done with all of them, one after the other.	0
I quit life. Can't make friends at school, work sucks and it's Monday IMDONE CanadianProblems McProblems h	I'm pretty sure that If I keep studying I will only improve and get higher scores on my tests!	0
I'm not gonna be able to sit through a 3 hour exam :( imsosick headhurts	Picking classes is challenging for me. Next time I am going to work with my advisor.	0
Today has been an all around bad day. I'm just ready for the weekend so I can be dead to the world.	Even though the day was not so good, I thank you for still being able to smile even though stressed, because on the one hand the day is beautiful.	0
Literally have spent this 2 days running around like a chicken with my head cut off.	Today I'm going to really learn how to juggle all the things I have to do with the time to do them.	0
Logging off social media for a little while. Have a lot of stuff to get figured out and not enough mind to do both	I'm looking forward to getting some sleep and maybe having some fun later.	0
I'm trying really hard not to snap, and I think I'm going to explode from the pressure. If I stab anyone, will someone spring me?	Facebook statuses can be annoying sometimes but it's just Facebook so I shouldn't care much	0
Got into work.. Water all over the carpet all down left side of shop. Pipe burst next door and flowed into our shop	I know I will find someone who loves me, even if it's not this person.	0
Can i just fast forward to graduation next thursday please? .. this week is rank between working and assignments up to my eyes	I have a lot of job applications out there, and I'm sure I'll find a great one.	0
This group leader wants to delegate!!!! even though I volunteered. This is NOT a good week to be leader!!! CollegeLife GroupProject SOBusy	I don’t like to draw trees, but I think a good practice can help me draw a good tree in my living room.	0
This week is only going to get crazy busy from here on out and I have to manage to squeeze in time to study for my biology exam	What a beautiful night, it's a pleasure to be alone to be able to rest a little.	0
Why did I make this semester so hard? Between daily practices two jobs and classes Three tests on wed and I'm gonna fail.	I have a lot of work for the next two weeks but I hope to pull through it.	0
The hardest part of the semester is almost upon me, gonna grind hard to get through it	I would go to great lengths for a deep tissue massage right about now.	0
My eyes when i'm stressed and tired, DiPantay ..  Stressed Kapoy Headache @ Gallera de Oro	The baby has been crying, and I took her to my sister’s to comfort her. My sister can handle any kind of baby.	0
I swear if someone even looks at me the wrong way I'm going to have a full blown emotional breakdown	I'm so confused about my relationship situation, but I'm thankful that I have someone that cares about me.	0
When you think you have got rid of something forever and then it comes back, it makes life really difficult! annoyed	It is better to find peace within oneself before seeking it outside or with others.	0
Ffs the shower broke and Im sweating buckets because of the heat and the venlafaxine and I fucking need another shower.. grrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away is what It's needed. And it's fine, it happens.	0
Killed some popcorn chicken, a gallon of ice cream, a couple chocolate bars and some root beer. Yeah its definitely finals week	I have a new respect for people that both have to work and go to school and I'm thankful I am one of those people.	0
Knowing your going to fail an exam before you even sit it is sick :(	I believe that if we talk to each other about the right temperature for the A/C we can come to an agreement.	0
My late night reading material ! Yikes reading next trip stressed saopaulo duty travel dubai	Really finding this class hard I might go to the school for some further advice.	0
Another Friday night snowed in but sending hubby out for red wine had a bad trip home from shopping as hell hate the white stuff	I hope they stop drilling and hammering in HartleyA soon! It's making my revising a little difficult.	0
Shout out to the 3 hr of sleep I was able to sleep then in right back up	Missing the times of good sleeping. As everything passing by, I hope this non-sleep period ends soon.	0
Tomorrow marks 2 weeks since I've been to the gym. Praying they find out what's wrong with me on Tuesday!!	Having really awful customer service at the moment, please help me get it resloved. That would be amazing.	0
The joys of buying used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers needed.	This bath will be very relaxing.	0
Haaa! finished it 1h ago, the tv is off! this is a Game of Nerves! RT: Im actually scared of watching GOT tonight!	I am stressed but the winter break will be in two weeks so that's good.	0
I'm so confused on financial aid, and I definitely don't want to take out any loans. Help	I know I''m in a badmood because the KUWTK isn't working. but hopefully it will pass soon!	0
Gahhhh. I have got to stop taking my anger out on other peopleeeee. I'm sorry guys. :()	I have little free time at work, and during it the only thing I think about going home.	0
One fire after another. I keep thinking work will slow down now that the game is out, but it hasn't.	I have to learn to not give attention to ads for supermarkets. I can use that time for something more productive.	0
Thinking something is due two days later then it really is.. its gonna be a late night	My assessment is a good way to learn and educate myself even tho it is stressful.	0
if i fail this math AIMS i am seriously going to drop out and become a prostitute -.-	Even though it's hard, school will help me be a better person.	0
10 Truths that will Change Your Life - for the better! empower empowering stressed worry overwhelmed	I would love to be finished with this night class so that I can go get a good night's sleep.	0
can't tell if my paper is super easy or I'm just doing a terrible job	This week wasn't the best, 2014 it's being a rough year. But I'm confident it will give me a break soon, and things will be better.	0
This test is as bad as when I hear the words "Sorry our ice cream machine isn't working right now" at Chickfila. liferuined	Well, just think by the end of next week we'll be all done with the midterms!	0
if today is a preview of how the rest of the week will be i may not make it until friday	I left my history notebook at school, but I’m sure I can borrow someone else’s notes.	0
I'd like to know how I'm supposed to study when I'm too busy puking.. sick	I want to stand on top of a hill and take in the magnificent views from that height.	0
And she gives us a 65 question review on the Scarlet Letter plus a stupid project to do on it!!!	I have to maintain patience while doing my works.	0
Roll on 6pm seriously can't wait to see the end of this effing week. tired	Need to learn how to take better care of my face, so my skin is clearer.	0
If never called me I would be outside waiting for my bus like a ediot It's not even that bad outside	At least I'm telling you, don't mind if you get mad.	0
Well apparently I can't do anything right or anything on my ownI don't know anymore	This time tomorrow I'll be done with 2 of my 4 finals. I'm glad to be getting it!	0
This month is gonna be the worst month of 2013. April, here we go!! busy testingseason	Wish I owned the wardrobe to Narnia, I can explore different places.	0
To all the people who said getting your master's is easier than undergrad, you are all liars stressed	Missed out on 5sos today but I'm sure I have smashed my music exam.	0
Feeling super anxious.. Afraid of making a decision I will regret Need a sign! anxious	I would be too glad to have a break with no work-related calls and follow -ups as I am tired.	0
Never ever again will I get a house that needs loads of stuff doing to it  sick	A great way to unwind is to have a girls night-out. It's all about gossip, drink and dance:)	0
I Ain't Hit A Blunt In Like A YEAR ! I Think It's About That Time  Stressed	Hello! I temporarily haven't been posting due to exams and feeling under the weather, but I'll resume posting regularly after next week!!	0
This anatomy test!!!! :( idk why my teachers all decided to pile all their tests over the span of today and tomorrow	I would be happy to hear from my older brother to confirm that he is safe and sound.	0
I've interviewed for dozens of companies, and offered jobs at almost every single one of them. But without fail I'm over thinking	Even though girls take a long time to shop and I will be shopping with them, at least I will buy some stuff too so that's good.	0
So the fact that I suck at drawing makes me second guess my degree plan	I have three hours to complete my portfolio, then I have completed all my college applications.	0
supposed to be studying for exams, but somehow I manage to be doing everythingg..but studying! finals stressed	When I wake up I know it's going to be a great day. That's the mindset I tell myself, no need for drugs.	0
You know it's going to be a bad day when you wake up the time the bus is leaving for FFA. theywaited	The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit stuff. I think I have to find alternate way	0
This is like crunch time for school and I am trying so hard but the focus and motivation is just not there someonehelp	Despite having many things to do, deciding for my future makes me happy, especially if I can choose things like my home, my roommates and my future college.	0
Yall I have 2 midterms tomorrow, Ive been studying for one all day and Im not ready for either	Home economics is very hard, but I'm glad it will be over eventually.	0
If today was Friday I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff.then fetch the bottle of wine in the work fridge!	Just one day at a time, I'll be fine at the end.	0
How I'm going to remember all of this information in the exam I have no idea!! :(	Im happy my husband is having a break away	0
I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so idek if ill be able to start my stuff	I'm having such a hard time on my project but I know that I'll push through it.	0
Nobody will ever understand how bad I just wanna be able to sleep like a normal person. I am way to busy	I can't handle my job and class simultaneously. Waking up till 4 frustrates me.	0
It needs to start raining, So I can figure out what I'm doing this afternoon	After this tough day I will have a burger and fries. Tomorrow is a new day.	0
We leave for vacation in 11 days. It might seem like a long time until you look at my mile long to do list from both work and home.	Things are crazy in Toronto at the moment, but they always settle down again, this won't last.	0
I'm really starting to hate my program in college right now -.- annoyed cantwaittillitsover !	I am going to start thinking more positively about every situation I encounter.	0
So nervous. Have to only miss 2 problems out of 100 on my Exam today threeexamstoday stressed nervous . How's your day goin'?	After this day passes, I am going to take some time to relax myself.	0
I feel awkward gettin a u pick 2 at Panera cause like do I eat my salad first? or my mac n cheese? or both at the same time? idk	I’ll feel great when I get to go to the batting cages and hit some balls.	0
Graduation is in 101 days Where has the past 4 and a half years gone?! college graduation	I have problems focusing now in stats class because of finals. But finals will be over soon, and I'll be back to normal.	0
That final qtr was very stressful and not ideal to be listening on radio whilst driving 110km/hr!	I am feeling very frustrated right now, but I know it's ok to feel like this sometimes, tomorrow I will feel better	0
Its getting to that point in the school year where even copying someones homework requires too much effort.	I finally realized that I was writing bad words every other word and now I can stop it	0
The AC was broken, I couldn't use my phone because there are a million people here, and I didn't have a car to go get dinner :/	I'm cramming for the interview which I'm sure I'll nail!	0
Feel like putting on my head phones and drowning out the world for a few hours	Only 2 more years left of school until I have my dream job!	0
Doing marketing homework at work, it's a problem. Eat breathe sleep school and work  exhausted	Hopefully I can stop scrap booking while I am sick and get some energy back into my life.	0
Pass me the wine  hope the dunk has LARGE LARGE glasses after today stressed girltimeneeded xx	I feel sick but usually I have gone through this kind of situation the next day, so I will be fine soon.	0
I'm recognizing that this is a result of m own procrastination, I just hate myself for it. thestruggle	I think I would feel better if I go out into the field and scream for 10 minutes to vent out my feelings.	0
Starting to get about this job opportunity, realized I made some stupid grammar errors in the answers to their ?'s I submitted	I'm spending too much time with my pals, and sometimes I feel they're annoying me. But still, I'm glad that I have them by my side.	0
Say what you want to say about me. I dont fricken care anymore. I dont care what people say about me anymore. Its all lies anyway!	I've worked hard enough that I deserve some downtime to ease my stress.	0
Keeping a level head is hard when everything around you seems to be falling apart	Really wish I was asleep but at least if I stay up tonight I will be exhausted tomorrow and have a good night sleep.	0
I super badly need to get away for a month and focus on me. So done with people telling me what to do. I wanna do what I wanna do	I was so tired I think I need to get massage.	0
I just wanna go for a long drive, with the windows rolled down, blaring some music, with you sitting beside me the whole way there	This week is one of the bad ones, but I think next week would hold something good in store for me.	0
I'm sick with anxiety. Can't sleep. Why do the foster parents make this whole thing difficult. I almost want to give up.	I am glad about paying the mortgage when I am in the house, but waiting to hear malarkey is something I don’t like.	0
I don't like how I already know how terrible this week is going to be	I should take rest after completing my class.	0
Currently hating my life due to having not one, or two finals on Monday, nope I got all 3 finals Monday. stressed collegelife fuck	I'm nervous but excited about the big race on Friday. I've trained hard and just broke a personal record, so I'm in great shape for the main event!	0
It sucks not knowing what you want to do with your life when graduation is only 7 months away..	It's almost going to be September soon but thankful for Christmas coming up.	0
Physically sick Im missn trainn tonight! Week out from comp and still dont have my layout stepout twist! shitjustgotreal	Making buildings is difficult but it’s good because it brings a big reward.	0
An 18 hour day powered by 3 hours of sleep = one rough night and an unhappy girl. upset tired	I hope the dress I have ordered comes on time so that I can enjoy the sun like others are doing today.	0
I'm seriously waiting til the very last second to do this paper Meaning I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night.	An accident happened to me, sooner I'll be fine.	0
This whole editing my essat thing sucks especially when someone who was supposed to look it over didnt. thisisworthmygrade	Thankfully, it wasn't the other way around, everything happened correctly.	0
Literally felt like I couldn't breath. Not sure if it's midterms or me still coping with this breakup sad heartbroken	It's only a matter of time until I stop making this mistake on this same lesson.	0
Could think of better places I should be today but instead im sat in this library looking at a blank screen	Life's getting harder every day which means I am also getting smarter every day.	0
Im stressing out so bad about school. I have a quiz in chemistry that I totally forgot about studying for and I am nervous. Yet, I know its not going to affect my grade too bad. Just	I will go back to sleep and feel better when I wake up.	0
This week is so hectic! Midterms, work nd moving all at once ugh! packing Tired :(	I would be good if I start my homework and studying after a relaxing bath.	0
I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not quiet enough.	My mind and my stomach are both unsettled tonight, but I hope the morning holds something good for me.	0
This growing up thing is way harder than what my parents told me it would be.	To get maximum results take extra B vitamins, C, magnesium, and selenium whenever you feel your adrenals are being taxed. Take naps when its appropriate and don't just rely on caffeine/stimulants to keep yourself going. I hope these tips will help!	0
I rly hope $66 worth of make up wasn't stolen off my doorstep or delivered to the wrong house by the dumb mailman	It's amazing how exciting the playoff is.	0
Cutting down on alcohol has been a lot harder than I thought it was going to be. NeedADrink WontHaveOneDoe	I hope to choose my major for soon as my graduation is nearing.	0
So stressed with assignments, plus finals in less than 2 weeks and I have to get all C+ or better collegeproblems	God always comes, remember that when it rains the rainbow comes out. We all have rights	0
Can't believe it's finally here First exam day!! Oh my god Really going to need a miracle to pass!!	I have a busy few weeks but I’m up to the challenge.	0
There comes a time during the semester when I start counting down the days until summer That would be today	Landlords are always tough to handle but at least I have an interesting story from the experience.	0
The noisy visitors to need to fuck off before I hurt them. Just saying. I wouldn't fuck with me right now.	I am grateful for always having God by my side even when I have a lot of work, I feel that in these difficult days a prayer improves everything.	0
student loans: finding a way to fuck you up, fuck you over, fuck you down in every shape or form. fuck you too, assholes.	Living in a trailer does have its perks.	0
Thinking of taking bets when this little lady is going to arrive. 40+5 now!!! help PregnancyProblems overdue	I hope to be done with my exams so that I get good grades and graduate soon.	0
I hate being sick. I hate cadaver lab. I hate waking up at 7am on a Sunday to study. crabby	It is tough to make tough decisions but that experience helps to mould you in life.	0
I have a test today in geometry and it is going towards 4th marking period if I fail I just quit is class	Even though I can probably get into a school in Canada, I can think of several good points about going to California.	0
The amount of times I've thought about dropping out of school this semester is at an all-time high. STRESSED	I've got a 3:30 am wake up call and my hair is turning grey. I'll look good as a silver fox.	0
I really wish my peers would realize managing private pay services for 13 different hospitals by myself is hard. gettingbehind	I didn't realize it would be such hard work to get three different grades from two different schools, but I'm thankful I'm at least able to attend these great institutions.	0
Tried rebooking website, got an error, called, got disconnected at 123 minutes, cried, was told to DM, 6 hours in to this ordeal and Im so . Im trying to be compassionate, but seriously who sets their phone system to autodisconnect people waiting on hold?	When you think about the mistakes you made and realize that you're still here it's a good feeling.	0
This is absolutely stupid. New Years Resolution to say yes more has been nothing but trouble.	I don't have a special someone to talk to right now, but I love myself and I know I can get through any situation!	0
I just had a hard 12 hours, first I'm told that I have to move out of my house within a month o I have to find a new place :( fml	Despite a lot of work I've been having lately, I must be grateful that I'm not idle.	0
can we just go one day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about? ?	My baby daddy has some problems, but I tell myself that I can work through them.	0
Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year. Economics! What a way to start a year And I'm sick!	The nursing school might be hard but after I finish it, I will be more skilled.	0
How bloody stressful is moving house!! Jesus Christ!! Can't believe how much stuff we got!	Hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke hope this situation change.	0
Stress. Stress. Stress. I don't need no more stress. Don't bring me no more stress, put it all to rest. myremix	I look forward to the moments of joy this week will bring to me.	0
Are you a stressed overwhelmed mum? Free video to create calm in under 5 mintues!	Very stressed out right now; got to make a big change for sanity.	0
No ending of enquiries calls and unreplied emails ! Seriously feel like digging a hole and hide in it sua !	My neighbors should learn to play their music softer.	0
This week is gonna suck: basketball game, project, pomps, homecoming hours.good thing I don't have any exams this week.	After it dies down, I can film my videos again.	0
Fell down the stairs at my apartment today. So yeah how my day is going lolatmylife	It is true that stress causes heart attacks and illness.	0
Look and feel like crap but I got up and went to class so at least I have that going for me SoTired SoSore	I am not happy that I have to work outside my schedule but at least I'll get a bigger paycheck!	0
When studying brings you to tears.. Does that mean you're doing it right or wrong? seminarylife hebrew NT midterms	I don't think I'm going to get to go home for Christmas this year, and that makes me feel bad. But also, that makes me feel relieved, and I'm thankful for that.	0
I fell asleep and woke up freaking out thinking I was late for work It's not even midnight and I get up at 6:00. GoodnessMe.	Try to remember what those presents are for.  I'm sure the people who will get them will be very appreciative.	0
Online don't piss me off, please kindly fuck off the other direction, I'm not in the mood. //Sowwy. Tired	Meeting with a prof today who didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. Time to learn not to bother much about the outcome of such meetings.	0
Who let me think it was a good idea to work full time, go back to school full time, and plan a wedding all at once???	I think my pre-legal consultant is busy, I will wait a little longer, soon he will answer me	0
Why can't it be home time now  working ruins lives fact want/need my bed n a humongous glass of stressed loads 2 do and no time to do it!	There will always be bad and frustrating moments, but I need to raise my head and move on.	0
Taking care of both parents while their sick, dealing with 2 dogs, a 14 year old, and starting classes this week is having me on the verge of a mental breakdown	It's okay for me to complain at the moment I need to look after myself and things will get better soon.	0
When you spend your whole day studying and you still don't finish what you were supposed to finish :( feelshorrible whatdoido	I should get a better iMac as spending a fortune on the current one looks useless.	0
After 2 days I still don't have my luggage. Feels like I didn't even go on holiday, what a waste of time	Being stressed is part of the human life so I just got to get used to it.	0
Alright who allowed me to be an adult this is not a good idea this is a lot of responsibility how about no	I'm sure everything will be ok, God is on my side, and he will make everything work out in the end.	0
So got to the guesthouse house at half 4, and decided to take a few minutes to reflect on the days bullshit. Woke up at 7:30 &tired	I don't feel alright now, but it is a few weeks until uni is over and all will be okay.	0
Saw 50 Shades of Grey and 50 Darker, now I gotta wait til 2018 for the third movie	Behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. But I have to stay strong and keep going, because complaining is not going to take me anywhere.	0
Whatever. You know you love it. RT: I hate when tries to talk dirty to me..	My midterms are still on, but at least the snow looks pretty.	0
Here's a tip for you all. Don't take Anatomy, Physics, Organic Chem, Art, and Comp 2 in the same semester.	I can't be so hard on myself for something that isn't my fault.  I just have to take things one at a time.	0
Why everyone trying to talk to me tonight? I have work to do!!! ugh when im bored my phone is mute!	Technology helps me to communicate with people.	0
Golfed really well. A 82 with three 6s. came home and opened my mouth the wrong way. I really do need to learn to smarten up.	I need to be more patient and understand that filling forms is part of entering a college.	0
Realizing more and more that the class schedule I have makes it difficult to have time for homework.	Both the Rangers and Knicks have disappointed me today. I hope they have better days ahead.	0
This game is weakening my immune system I can't handle this!! I'm getting sick!!! GOBUCKS	Leaving my house earlier will help me get to work faster and avoid traffic.	0
I completely underestimated how hard it is to go to school, have a job and have time for family and friends	I know I can survive the next few weeks, I need to be strong, I will don't collapse.	0
Gotta serve fed next week my grades ain't A1 n prolly two days of Iss Monday n Tuesday Stressed	Had a great day and I need to pamper myself today.	0
I never realize how crazy I am until I run out of my Paxil  craycray	Funny dream last night where I won a race but was dq'ed for custom shoes. Looks like I need to get more into fashion	0
So I have to leave my double bed to a shitty single bed cos my roofs gunna fall down	Grad school is tough but I really care about it, one of the most important things in my life is my education.	0
Work, work, work! Major work overload! Starting to forget what a life really is! Give me a break! tired	I need to learn how to relax and control myself! Everything happens for a reason!	0
Let a mf come at me stupid today! You WILL get smacked tf up! !	I will be able to move from this place to get my own soon, I just have to be patient.	0
homeschooling is NOT fun. Trying to work from home and help 3 kids, I'm feeling stressed out and already had tears from my eldest todayits only Monday FFS!!	I am cramming my brain with so many things for my interview on Monday, but I am sure I will be the winner.	0
What hurts the most? Is you not even telling me.keeping this from me. I trusted you.with everything I had.and you lied to me.:'( ..	Work was tough today but at least it's over now, and now I can relax tonight!	0
Patho might be easier if I could pronounce half of the words in this packet help	Experiencing a set of strong emotions shows me that I still have the ability to feel.	0
Its been a while since i sat in a class and genuinely had no idea wtf was going on	Today was one of the worst days of my life but I at least can wake up tomorrow.	0
Why stuff me around so much for? I just had things totally sorted and now I'm super stressed twojobssucks frustrated	I have bad experience with dogs but some of them are kind.	0
When you plan a weekend away the week before you move So much crap to do	I wish the hard times would ease up right now, but this will make the better times even better	0
I have to work on my patience.. tutoring little kids is NOT helping !! :(( notagoodrolemodel >;,>;	I hope a good night's sleep improves my mood and clears my head.	0
Anything and everything is making me mad right now. CAN'T ANYONE WORK WITH ME HERE	I completed several weeks of not bitting my nails!	0
Omg!! Discount dance sent me Bloch 5 1x. I need 5 4x! I need pointe shoes now! wtf	Life is full of challenges but each challenge is a lesson and I will grow from my truck breaking and having to get this paper done.	0
Love leaving the house at 7:15 and getting home at 10 = long days for the next 3. As I try to pack and get ready forthe holidays	There aren't many undergrad classes this semester because the profs are all doing MBA Management classes. I'll use this as an opportunity to broaden my horizons.	0
Been such a long day! Drama is going to be the cause of my death	When you are so busy that you just want to lie down and relax and forget all the worries.	0
My possible grades range from being able to make the Dean's list to doing so bad I have to drop out FinalsAreWorthSoMuch crunch	It is difficult to work right now, but the weekend will be coming up shortly!	0
I need to ingest some serious calories or I'm afraid I might pass out teaching lessons tonight. finalsweek noappetite	I am too tired to search now. I hope round 2 of passport search will be fruitful.	0
AP Bio lab report ???s have me questioning everything I write and by the end I'm not sure I understand life.	I am grateful for 12 years and 4 kids with my husband but now a new chapter begins.. single and free.. nowd	0
I got so much to do, yet here I am, doing nothing. You'd think I'd by smarter than this by now	There's always something I could be doing. I'll just go do it.	0
Thinking about my next two weeks is stressing me out already. 4 test next week and work almost everyday.	Daily some conversations may be awkward we should accept it.	0
Ughh this is always the time of the year I hate end of semester means homework, exams, essays and projects D:	I will get better at selecting clothes for men and not complain as much.	0
sooooo close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff iv missed out :(	I'll have a few drinks while I decide what to do for the weekend...	0
Goodnight all! House hunting tomorrow. You can only live with your in laws so long. Its rough two people living in one bedroom!!!!	I know that all the hard-work I put today will be tomorrow's joy!	0
I have no idea what to do, what to think and what to feel HelpMe	I hope the lingering knot in my stomach goes in the coming few days.	0
When my bro tells my 4 year old cousin he ate chicken pizza LOOLL PricelessFace CoveringHisFace hahahahahahahaha	Just two exams and I can enjoy summer along with everybody else.	0
Need to find a way to calm my mind and relax this week. Not what I expected to happen now!	Since I can't control what I feel, I decide to learn from what I'm feeling!	0
Podcast name change, cover art being redone. Seriously need a damn break. Car wreck, horse died, and changing names all in a week.	I understand that feeling sad is normal, so I'll accept that I'm feeling that way, and look for the best way to feel better	0
Can't believe I'm saying this but I need a coffee. tired runningonfumes collage coffie senioritis	Lectures and study guides completely different I think I have to follow one thing	0
I will not survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work! Bout to get a job at McDonalds because at least they are open!!	I had a fun dream about scooby-doo!	0
OH MY GOD This Whole Unemployed Business Is Actually Killing Me Now! Swear I'm Going Insane! unemployed bored	Cold sore the week of prom? That's not good, but I'm sure I'll be better when the day comes.	0
I feel like I have been run over by a bus today. I just need a little break tired poor helpme justkeepswimming believe	At the end of the day I will have finished the homework and I can enjoy the weekend stress free.	0
My face is so broken out, should have just worn a bag over my face. gross	I am happy that I could eat half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana .	0
Thanks Ollie the owl for running out of batteries in the night so I got no sleep. why dont you make him chargeable. tired	I'm tired, but I can't wait for a spa day.  I'm so excited to just take a break!	0
There's nothing worst then losing a game when you try your hardest and then barely talking to girl	It may be a confusing time, but I know that I can remain calm in the storm.	0
I will never work, take a summer class AND work with a personal trainer at the same time again tired stressed and	A midnight walk to clear up the head from studying is refreshing.	0
What is worse than going to bed with a headache? Waking up with a headache.. :/	I am fortunate that my parents are always there for me to help me out with good advice.	0
Our New President still bringing tears to my eyes. When will blame game rhetoric be replaced with his government decided policy?	I have a lot to do but soon it will be the 19th and I'll get to relax!	0
I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes I hate this	Chislehurst onky has 15 min parking for under 5 spend so I will use it as an excuse to get some retail therapy and buy some more!	0
Studying is a loss cause in my case I can't pay attention long enough for it	I will learn how to do Bobble and Sex Walk and I will be on an equal footing with everyone	0
Been over stressed this week and not sleeping. Waking up at 4 when my melatonin drops and can't get back to sleep. :(	I'm working againg 6 days in a row, but I'm making a lot of money	0
When you want a hug from your best friend, but she's nowhere to be found <;<;<;	Today has gone badly; troubles have piled up. I need to manage trials better.	0
First thing I did when I woke up this morning: Paint my nails in bed, red. A preemptive pick-me-up	I am finding pure white hairs more often now, I'm sure It's natural occurance though.	0
Lots of ginger and lemon tea, vitamin C, and water today, gotta nip this in the butt before it gets worse. wintercold	Worried about my Econ final on Friday, thankfully I can listen to Beyonce while I study,	0
You know it's a bad day when even tea doesn't make you feel better uni deadlines	I have been awake for almost an hour and I hope to fall asleep soon	0
Really hoping tomorrow isn't too bad :/ Have a feeling I won't be sleeping much tonight	I have been studying so hard this whole week, and I can't wait for school to be over. But I'm happy with my effort, and grateful for everything I learned.	0
seems a little ridiculous that we need to be out of the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals.	I am going to get through this stronger.	0
Hate coming into school on own clothes day. Even if I see people posting it on twitter I still wonder whether it is!	Just looking at my schedule and realized that this next 4 months are going to be really challenging, but I know I will come through!	0
Everyone in Panas would be sick if they chose today to have a Fire Drill   stop	Being stressed before a debut is normal so there is nothing wrong.	0
Can not stand looking at my phone at half five just after work and having like 5 messages asking for favours pronto Stressed LeaveMeBe	Sometimes it feels like bad things happen all at once, so I just need to focus on one thing at a time.  That way I don't stress myself out.	0
Thank god i left my 2nd job cus i cant even do school and my 1st job now wtf	It may seem like a joke but the fact is that there are only 5 weeks left for the semester.	0
Watching an advert for a new game and it says ' not actual game footage' why put it on tv you wouldnt even know wtf your buying	With so many things happening this week, I hope to keep in good health.	0
I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me for the next week!	I have not been sleeping like a baby lately, but I will find a way to not be so tired.	0
Of course everything would all go wrong at the last minute! About to lose my mind! PunchingBagPlease	Even after everything that happened last night I will move ahead stronger!	0
to hear a disabled lady was suck in the multi story car park tonight for 45mins plus She called for help and no one came ? She called the hospital the car park system	I will learn how to be more patient. I understand that some people are more energetic than others during the morning.	0
I hate that a stupid, rude remark made weeks ago is still eating at me. I wish I could talk to him about what you said.	My nose started bleeding in the bathtub, but luckily I have tissues nearby to stop the bleeding. Thankful!	0
A big thank you and well done to Hugh 'know how' guy at Currys for dealing with my mother and I today!	I think I would feel lighter if I apologize for the vent session that I had at work today. I must never let this happen again.	0
feel rather sick to my stomachjust need to get through 3pm and then I'll feel better. Thank god I'm not eating anything soon	These weights and yoga exercises will improve me as a person	0
SO READY FOR SPRING BREAK! I need a get away in a real bad way!	This game was a bad one, this is a night I don't want to remember so soon	0
My life is so busy, handling school, babe, friends, the gym, eating right, and keeping up w/my two online classes..	People nowadays are stressed and that's the new normal it seems.	0
Thinking about June and all that's going on this month is making me feel sick	I had a bad day, but if I can figure out what I want to do with my life, things should get better.	0
Its all getting a bit too much for my pea sized brain to handle !! confused toomuchtodo	A lot of things happening at the same time. As a blogger, I should learn how to filter pertinent information.	0
Feeling Stressed? Get us on for the best chilled out tunes on Cwtch on the Couch till 1am!	I got a second beer to relax my body	0
Considering I didn't sleep till 4am I took the longest nap ever. And I'm still tired.	The fact that I will go to the university of my choice it means I will study with more motivation, and I will become more skilled.	0
Guys this paper is due by midnight and I'm still 262 words short of the length requirement :/	Now that the two groups have to separated, they can become more independent and maybe make better music.	0
I seriously think I could get 12 hours of sleep and still wake up tired :(	Even though I'm ready for the finals to be over, I'm thankful for the hard work I put towards them.	0
I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now. Sick Irritated	Black swan is an amazing film that brings indescribable sensations	0
Between flying back east for the funeral n now trying to move into a new apartment, I don't know if my stress will allow me the energy to write  writerslife indieauthors authors indie	Traveling to Mexico will be incredible. I will be able to see all the beauties and sights	0
Can somebody please tell me what career I want to do for the rest of my lifebecause I obviously have no clue confused	Now to write my photographer pages. She could have told us the sketchbook was due today on Friday. At least I will be going on vacation soon!	0
It is times like these that make me wish that I lived somewhere else frustrated	I would like to think that my football skills rival that of Messi and Xavi.	0
Feeling really run down this Monday morning. Ridiculous cold sore on my nose and I could hardly sleep last night. Long day ahead.	Had a really had work week but I’m happy I get to relax now.	0
Im so afraid to run into someone from administration b/c I deadass dont think I can control myself	I need to rethink my priorities and consider whether staying longer at work is a good choice for my mental health.	0
Classes started on Tuesday and I'm already counting down the number of days until this semester is over	I hope I will settle into this school routine soon.	0
I've n0tice, last f0ll0wing days im s0 Tired and . . Ah cgur0, need to have a	I'm going to prepare myself for the mud run instead of being afraid of it.	0
sex, cuddling, and bacon are supposed to relieve stressout of luck on all three :( helpplease	I had to repack my case but at least it's sorted now and I get to go on an amazing holiday.	0
Of course the traffic is the worst I've ever seen it when I need to get somewhere	My wedding plans are not coming together as I had hoped, but my wedding will still be special.	0
Huntin for a dummy, wen I left the house there was two here sumwhere! Aleiah walkin round cryin sayin 'nummy'. !	I have a lot on my plate today, but tomorrow is a new day,	0
I dont feel physically sick. But mentally. My mind is twisting in so many ways.	My game isn't working, I'm sure if I reset the system it will start working again though	0
Customer service absolutely shocking! In dispute with an 82 year old woman; no contact to explain payment change! Direct debit from 91 to over 600 a month for electricity! Her house is mostly gas I might add and she lives alone! tearsdisrespect	I'm thankful that I have movies to keep me calm amidst the nonstop college work.	0
When life is so shitty u literally laugh and be like wtf do u have lined up for me next shitday nocar	I am thankful that I had the opportunity to rest yesterday after being very busy the last two weeks.	0
Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink.	I'm going to be a little late, my parents forgot about daylight savings time.	0
It was a really weird strange meeting. It was worthless. And stupid. I hated it. I feel bogged down. thingscathysays	Only one more day until assessments and callbacks are done!	0
why am i still awake?? ohh yeah cause i take 10 hours to pack for a week long trip overpackerprobs	If I want to text I want to talk. But if you don't then I need communication	0
Sometimes, face your problems head on. Other times, avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out stressed x	Working hard at these logic problems. I will understand this one day!	0
I hate this weather . All I wanted to do was go out, play a game of netball and have an hour of not doing any work . But no .	Crying isn’t so bad, especially if you say such touching things to me.	0
I'd do just about anything to be laying in this sunshine with a twisted tea right about now.	I am going to give myself time to explore my emotions.	0
Definitely been a morning to forget. Who knew planning a funeral could be so difficult and draining?	Life is tough right now, and I could really use a vacation.	0
my aunty isnt going tomorrow ffs :(! so gotta try sort plans out to bring my cousin	I understand that clearing myself in something else might help.	0
I can't wait for this semester to be over so I never have to take another math class.	Thankful for the money from my work to get into my account	0
Monk came over and I tried to introduce myself but I forgot my name tired	It is better to find some means to put an end to the cats chasing the mice in the basement.	0
Are you as out as we are? A steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea will cure what ails ya! At least for several minutes	I don’t like uni work as it is too hard. I hope to pull through this with the help of God.	0
so my mom basically put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not	The fact that I study carefully means that I will be more skilled and knowledgeable in the future.	0
Worst day. 12 hours of school every Monday all summer, very bad idea! caseofthemondays studentlife	Hope to catch up with all the work that I have to get done between now and Saturday.	0
Your information but you ask people if you can tell them. The heck why call it yours. Sorry for ranting	I have enough time until finals, and I'm already preparing so I'm set.	0
I neva knew shopping got you this tired and i aint even done half of it	I think this week will be very difficult. But I'm grateful to at least have a job and study, it would be very difficult if I didn't.	0
So stressed about how much work I need to do that I can't start working or think about working :/ problem	I changed, now I do my homework in advance.	0
How am I supposed to know what to the right thing to do is. decisions	I know that my hand will eventually heal, and I will feel much better.	0
Of course I'm bloody moody, I'm only 24 and have been addicted to nicotine for 11 years. That's nearly half my life	Some people are so irritating, but I'm going to persevere and learn from this experience while trying to help people.	0
Dont you just hate it when you think you have your uni work under control and the lecturer disagrees.	The school just told me that I was behind on a few credits from years ago. It'll be fun to take classes again to make it up.	0
The dreaded half hour when tries to decide what he is wearing for the night tensetimes	I'm excited to go to college in my PJs and no one can stop me.	0
When it's 8 am and you've already made a to do list that seems impossible to get done in one day teacherlife	Today was made a lot better knowing that I'll be getting my nails done on Thursday.	0
Pulling two all nighters in a row to finish all my packing to move.. yuck tired	I am waiting for Sunday to make things right.	0
Extremely stressful day at work today. My baby put me in a better mood. Taking a lonnnng nap! frustrated drama	I got caught for speeding but I will know to go less fast next time.	0
Not many people out there who work harder then I do. Now I need to find a job to compensate for that. .	I have a few paragraphs done so I am glad for the work I have put in.	0
So exhausted, but I can't sleep. This has NEVER happened before! Boards are LITERALLY ruining my life!	I must work hard to improve myself.	0
My parents are useless there is no point in having any. pissed CantWaitToMoveOut ThreeMoreYears useless angry	I need to relax more and just let things work themselves out, I won't last long if I keep carrying all this worry with me.	0
Seems like I cannot catch a break this week! Two big papers due, four exams to study for and take, plus Greek stuff! notime	I am very busy, but I know that this is fleeting and soon everything will be back to normal.	0
Feeling crap tiday. .. tired hormonal Aggressive angry God bless the fool that crosses my path	I hope 2017 brings with it better luck for me.	0
I know I'm gonna regret staying up this late tomorrow, I know it. TeamNoSleep TeamICantSleep UpAllNight Thinking St	I have not always been honest with my feelings, but I can take steps to be more authentic.	0
I can't find an equal balance in my life, if I do nothing I'm bored but if I give myself things to do it goes all wrong	I'm feeling really down but things can only go up from here once I take a few days to rest and recover.	0
getting no sleep every night takes its damn toll on me :( woke up feeling sick also ffs I need to be well to focus on studying tired	Im really sick right before finals but at least it isn’t during finals.	0
1 exam down. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam hellweek	I can't do my daily activites due to my shoulder injury, I can still sit and enjoy reading a book with a cup of coffee.	0
Just got off a call, replying to emails for other 10 min and back to uni	I would be happy to get someone who took AP lit last year to offer some tips for tomorrow’s exam.	0
I'm tired of everything. I'm tired of stressing god I shouldn't feel this way. This all just needs to be over.	Body transformations are amazing for stress	0
So much to do, so little time ! Wouldnt mind a 3 day weekend. So hard to balance work, school and school work !	I have been immersed in creativity till i have'nt had a sleep in the last two days.	0
Sometimes I get these impulses to just throw a tantrum. Like throw/break things, cry and scream.	I am sore and tired from lacrosse, but we won the game which is the most important thing.	0
I just need to sit down and have a heart to heart with my bestfriend. I don't need a response I just need to vent	I hope to get over this headache caused by the power rangers tour. It would be good to stop playing.	0
Id like to know that feelin wayne had wen he said he aint got "No Worries" cause i got alot of them.	Sometimes delays happen, I'm sure I can still get there in time, or let them know that I will be arriving late.	0
Where's Mr. Superman when I need him? Oh wait, I think he's at camp :(	Pharmacy is not a good job. Though this does not seem to be the right job for me, I’ll stick to it for some more time.	0
Due launching my laptop n college work out the window n cracking open the vodka. Eff you hnd!!!!crabbit	As my school gives me more activities, my constancy grows to exceed limits.	0
my mum has got my date of birth wrong on something.. seriously!! how can she not remember the best day of her life?!	I am doing the best I can rifht now.	0
Note to self: do not wait to do a 3-chapter physics study guide the night before it's due.	Finally, my sweet Boys are in bed, so I'm just standing here and watching over them for another half an hour. Then I can go downstairs and relax!!!	0
I hate that I stress my self out so much that I can't fall asleep!	They may have another chance to perform a self-implosion.	0
After taking every exit off the empress roundabout this morning I really need to learn my way round town!	So hard to pick a major, but soon I will be settled at college and working towards my dream job!	0
Woke up at 5 in the morning, tired as hell yet I need to be awake another hour	I need to find ways to avoid driving on dangerous road conditions while doing my delivery job.	0
My anxiety is so bad right now that all I wanna do is throw up.. gross	This week has been a tough one and some sleep would do me good.	0
the fact that you can literally see the knots in my shoulders is really fun painful	Work causes stress to people and people just need to learn to deal with it.	0
This college thing is going to be tougher than I thought because of the military	I've been up since 5am, and I'm still late for work. The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful, but unexpected things happen, and it's okay.	0
Is running away for a week or so an option? Trying to escape reality for a little while.	Looking forward to being 21, then I can have a drink to take this edge off!	0
Thank God fall break is next week 'cause Lord knows I need it. I feel like I have the stress level of a 30yr old  tired	I am at a bad place in my life but it will get better soon.	0
Why is it that I can normally find all the clothes in the world but when I need something urgently it's impossible?!	Since I've quit gambling I've been able to focus on the important things to better myself.	0
I have this weird temptation to just smack someone over the head with a glass bottle help	Missing not having someone to take care of me when I'm sick. I think this has shown me I need to get out dating soon then I can find someone great.	0
Soooo GTA got me starting the game from the beginning cuz it was trippin after all I've done. Omg !!	Time to get this root canal taken care of.	0
So glad that tomorrow is Friday. This has seriously been the longest week of my life! tired	I lost my keys and spilled my coffee, not a good way to start my final's week. I hope it is over soon, so I can rest.	0
Better get some sleep I have a test that determines my future in the morning	Making loan payments feels like a neverending task, but I know I won't last forever and I'll get it done.	0
I hate how I had Verizon, and now I have cox so it takes me a good 10 mins to find the fucking Knicks game "	I hope I am able to recover my health in the next few days and get well.	0
Fun Fact, Don't wait till you are a month behind on homework to do it?	Looking forward to tomorrow evening, post being done with college interview and math exam.	0
Always stressing and thinking about loads of things at once need I take it one at a time overload stressed need to rant	Always stressing and thinking about loads of things at once need I take it one at a time overload stressed need to rant	0
If I don't have a mental breakdown before the end of summer, it will be a miracle..	If I don't have a mental breakdown before the end of summer, it will be a miracle..	0
Worst night ever. Just one bad thing after another! This holiday is coming at the right time I think	Worst night ever. Just one bad thing after another! This holiday is coming at the right time I think	0
Why is it so hard to get one day of alone time, of peace and quiet???	Why is it so hard to get one day of alone time, of peace and quiet???	0
Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is worse than rocket science for me. Dad(LOL)	Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is worse than rocket science for me. Dad(LOL)	0
Ugh I have to wake up so early (9:00) and go to class (a massage). I have so much (so little) to do today.	Ugh I have to wake up so early (9:00) and go to class (a massage). I have so much (so little) to do today.	0
got in a wreck, got a B in accounting, deciding whether to break up with my boyfriend, being at home where parents eat like CRAP	got in a wreck, got a B in accounting, deciding whether to break up with my boyfriend, being at home where parents eat like CRAP	0
I would never thought picking furniture for my first house would be so damn difficult!!	I would never thought picking furniture for my first house would be so damn difficult!!	0
For the sake of the sanity of the students of Wales,please make sure your phone advisors know what their talking about	For the sake of the sanity of the students of Wales,please make sure your phone advisors know what their talking about	0
The Fray calms me down. Until I get worked up about situations Then I just need silence.	The Fray calms me down. Until I get worked up about situations Then I just need silence.	0
You know I really don't care about the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages. stupid	You know I really don't care about the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages. stupid	0
The most stressful thing is trying to find a new profile picture when you annoyed with the one you have	The most stressful thing is trying to find a new profile picture when you annoyed with the one you have	0
I want Blair and Chuck, Nate and Vanessa, Eric and I wished Jenny but unfortunately he likes guys , and Serena and Dan!!!!!!!!!! But NOOO	I want Blair and Chuck, Nate and Vanessa, Eric and I wished Jenny but unfortunately he likes guys , and Serena and Dan!!!!!!!!!! But NOOO	0
Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts.	Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts.	0
Things I don't feel like doing today: working, cooking, driving, showering, wearing real clothes You get the idea. tired	Things I don't feel like doing today: working, cooking, driving, showering, wearing real clothes You get the idea. tired	0
thinking about my future makes me want to go live on a island alone forever. annoyed	thinking about my future makes me want to go live on a island alone forever. annoyed	0
If I make it through the next 2 weeks without having a mental breakdown, it'll be a miracle	If I make it through the next 2 weeks without having a mental breakdown, it'll be a miracle	0
Been watching a lot of WWII stuff because at least I know the authoritarians will be held accountable.	Been watching a lot of WWII stuff because at least I know the authoritarians will be held accountable.	0
Damn , so many women, so many to choose from, but not really interested in any of them. damn stressed couldntsleep goodnight tho	Damn , so many women, so many to choose from, but not really interested in any of them. damn stressed couldntsleep goodnight tho	0
In bed looking at the hall way waiting for the clown to appear so I can kill it and go to sleep. Come on brain you seriously need to chill. brainhealth Autopilot artlife Sleepless	In bed looking at the hall way waiting for the clown to appear so I can kill it and go to sleep. Come on brain you seriously need to chill. brainhealth Autopilot artlife Sleepless	0
It's bed. Long. Stressful day. And to put a cherry on that. I'm sick fml sick	It's bed. Long. Stressful day. And to put a cherry on that. I'm sick fml sick	0
I need a weekend get away. To bad that won't even get me away from homework wah	I need a weekend get away. To bad that won't even get me away from homework wah	0
Blaming my awful breakout on the fact we leave in just over 1 month and have made no further planning, or started moving out	Blaming my awful breakout on the fact we leave in just over 1 month and have made no further planning, or started moving out	0
One of those days where nothing has gone right and wishing I could have 1 day to just do nothing.	One of those days where nothing has gone right and wishing I could have 1 day to just do nothing.	0
Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school are two completely different things	Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school are two completely different things	0
1 test down, 1 test to go. usually i dont hate fridays but this one sucks.	1 test down, 1 test to go. usually i dont hate fridays but this one sucks.	0
Morning Twitter-Birds! I'm taking my GRE in 2 hours and am a little stressed right now. So I'm sitting in taking a study-break. I hate my admission to grad school rides on a standardized test after 15 years on the job. BeReal NeverGiveUp Tired	Morning Twitter-Birds! I'm taking my GRE in 2 hours and am a little stressed right now. So I'm sitting in taking a study-break. I hate my admission to grad school rides on a standardized test after 15 years on the job. BeReal NeverGiveUp Tired	0
My dad has been asking for grapes forever. He doesn't want seedless. I've checked at least 10 different places and they only freaking carry seedless. I'm gonna lost my mind if I don't find this man his grapes, cause he's losing his mind and he's gonna keep asking.	My dad has been asking for grapes forever. He doesn't want seedless. I've checked at least 10 different places and they only freaking carry seedless. I'm gonna lost my mind if I don't find this man his grapes, cause he's losing his mind and he's gonna keep asking.	0
So exhausted. :( Only so much I can do in all areas of my life in a day/week but it never ends! :( frustrated	So exhausted. :( Only so much I can do in all areas of my life in a day/week but it never ends! :( frustrated	0
maybe just maybe I should think about switching sides on my Senior Paper confused Omg	maybe just maybe I should think about switching sides on my Senior Paper confused Omg	0
I'm just really confused about what to do with my life right now I just wish I knew what to do.	I'm just really confused about what to do with my life right now I just wish I knew what to do.	0
To all my friends that think I'm blessed, they don't know my head's a mess"	To all my friends that think I'm blessed, they don't know my head's a mess"	0
Having 53480 things to do and taking a nap instead has became a terrible habit of mine lately	Having 53480 things to do and taking a nap instead has became a terrible habit of mine lately	0
Stressed? Take a few seconds, and try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure. Destress	Stressed? Take a few seconds, and try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure. Destress	0
Think I'm getting a canker sore I was literally JUST saying today how long it's been since I've had one. I even knocked on wood.	Think I'm getting a canker sore I was literally JUST saying today how long it's been since I've had one. I even knocked on wood.	0
want to just hop on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me	want to just hop on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me	0
So annoyed at myself that I mucked up part of my interview that that's all I can think about.	So annoyed at myself that I mucked up part of my interview that that's all I can think about.	0
Today has been the worst day ever. Really could use my papa to talk to right now	Today has been the worst day ever. Really could use my papa to talk to right now	0
6 days before we go on holiday and the mini bus has let us down to go to GatwickFANTASTIC!!!! annoyed cba	6 days before we go on holiday and the mini bus has let us down to go to GatwickFANTASTIC!!!! annoyed cba	0
With all this stress on me, Im about to get 2 jobs to keep me from blowing my head off.	With all this stress on me, Im about to get 2 jobs to keep me from blowing my head off.	0
sharing the bus with a wasp, trying not to act like a crazy woman  eeeek!!! wasp	sharing the bus with a wasp, trying not to act like a crazy woman  eeeek!!! wasp	0
One with such a small brain should not be in charge of organising events scaredihavefoegottensomethingvital	One with such a small brain should not be in charge of organising events scaredihavefoegottensomethingvital	0
There's always that one that your gonna randomly think about and get pissed or depressed Life	There's always that one that your gonna randomly think about and get pissed or depressed Life	0
This week has prob been the worst week I have had with school in awhile!	This week has prob been the worst week I have had with school in awhile!	0
Urgh. Fed up! So much to do and definitely not enough time/energy to do everything :(	Urgh. Fed up! So much to do and definitely not enough time/energy to do everything :(	0
I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses.	I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses.	0
When you try to be responsible and its all thrown back in your face. frustrated	When you try to be responsible and its all thrown back in your face. frustrated	0
By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays..that's crazy highschool applications	By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays..that's crazy highschool applications	0
Enjoy life's simple pleasures - the outdoors, fav hobbies and laughing with friends to feel grounded and less stressed	Enjoy life's simple pleasures - the outdoors, fav hobbies and laughing with friends to feel grounded and less stressed	0
I need to go drive or shoot my gun annoyed anxiety" um woah there, youv changed	I need to go drive or shoot my gun annoyed anxiety" um woah there, youv changed	0
Is it completely wrong of me to want my kids to take their cell phones to school?? Ugh!	Is it completely wrong of me to want my kids to take their cell phones to school?? Ugh!	0
Great. Got about 3 hours of sleep last night and my hair is literally falling out!	Great. Got about 3 hours of sleep last night and my hair is literally falling out!	0
I would get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test. mymindisfucked	I would get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test. mymindisfucked	0
I just found how much work I have to make up at school from being sick. Tomorrow is gonna be a rough day	I just found how much work I have to make up at school from being sick. Tomorrow is gonna be a rough day	0
Week 2 of this semester. . It's going to be a long one. Possibly my hardest yet. If that's even possible.	Week 2 of this semester. . It's going to be a long one. Possibly my hardest yet. If that's even possible.	0
Stressful day out with my homie. trying to find 15 pairs of the same shoes is hard	Stressful day out with my homie. trying to find 15 pairs of the same shoes is hard	0
These are the moments that I wish someone would edit episodes for me, so I can do other work.	These are the moments that I wish someone would edit episodes for me, so I can do other work.	0
Every time we talk i just want to rage quit violently on you for everything ya did! angerproblems .	Every time we talk i just want to rage quit violently on you for everything ya did! angerproblems .	0
Um, help. I have an exam and my prof is late. What do I do?	Um, help. I have an exam and my prof is late. What do I do?	0
waking up nauseous<;<; and skipping an 8am to study for my back to back exams<;<;	waking up nauseous<;<; and skipping an 8am to study for my back to back exams<;<;	0
Gotta get at least 2 1/2-3 pages of this paper done by 4:30 I have wayyyyy too much to do today	Gotta get at least 2 1/2-3 pages of this paper done by 4:30 I have wayyyyy too much to do today	0
This work day seriously just needs to be over, like ASAP!!!!! Why is it not 3 o'clock yet!?	This work day seriously just needs to be over, like ASAP!!!!! Why is it not 3 o'clock yet!?	0
My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together. This job might kill me.	My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together. This job might kill me.	0
Why cant I just catch a break? Just for a little while. Have things go my way for once. Im about to break	Why cant I just catch a break? Just for a little while. Have things go my way for once. Im about to break	0
Wow. I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I missed dedicating 5 days to dance.	Wow. I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I missed dedicating 5 days to dance.	0
my uni should allow all the freshers to get wristbands first as we are the newbieshad the worst time sorting it all out	my uni should allow all the freshers to get wristbands first as we are the newbieshad the worst time sorting it all out	0
I absolutely love stage dooring to see my incredible people but just hate the awkward waiting in between!!! socialanxietyFU	I absolutely love stage dooring to see my incredible people but just hate the awkward waiting in between!!! socialanxietyFU	0
Just managed to book a return ferry crossing for tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine Why announce so late meaning that 1000s of us over in France have been desperately trying to book into the early hours? Ill only believe its true when Im safely on board! stressed	Just managed to book a return ferry crossing for tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine Why announce so late meaning that 1000s of us over in France have been desperately trying to book into the early hours? Ill only believe its true when Im safely on board! stressed	0
Just so ready to be done with school and move far far away from michigan. I have never been this frustrated!!!	Just so ready to be done with school and move far far away from michigan. I have never been this frustrated!!!	0
ff hope you gave the ironing a crack and feel a little less ;-) off to snowdonia next week with	ff hope you gave the ironing a crack and feel a little less ;-) off to snowdonia next week with	0
Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed! Get one with your order!	Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed! Get one with your order!	0
I envy month end at work! Bein told to 'turn my frown upside down' is not what i wonna hear now!	I envy month end at work! Bein told to 'turn my frown upside down' is not what i wonna hear now!	0
Would love to know what I'm doing wrong to not receive any callbacks for these job applications!	Would love to know what I'm doing wrong to not receive any callbacks for these job applications!	0
Can't even chill after exams are done as got a 2500 essay in for mid feb which I ain't started due to this revision!!	Can't even chill after exams are done as got a 2500 essay in for mid feb which I ain't started due to this revision!!	0
This week has seriously kicked my ass. I'm either going to sit down and cry or get drunk tonight. 50/50 chance either way.	This week has seriously kicked my ass. I'm either going to sit down and cry or get drunk tonight. 50/50 chance either way.	0
my brain is constantly thinking and mentally arranging how my living space is going to look	my brain is constantly thinking and mentally arranging how my living space is going to look	0
In the next week I have to watch 5 Harry potter movies finish the 7th Harry potter book and go shopping for new clothes omg	In the next week I have to watch 5 Harry potter movies finish the 7th Harry potter book and go shopping for new clothes omg	0
if this struggle to pick classes is any indication of what going back to school is going to be like this is going to be rough	if this struggle to pick classes is any indication of what going back to school is going to be like this is going to be rough	0
This week is crazy. I have soooo much to do and not enough time to do it.	This week is crazy. I have soooo much to do and not enough time to do it.	0
NOT IN THE MOOD. Stupid statuses on facebook =FUCKING ANNOYING. Like NO SHIT SHERLOCK. Hahahaha omygad	NOT IN THE MOOD. Stupid statuses on facebook =FUCKING ANNOYING. Like NO SHIT SHERLOCK. Hahahaha omygad	0
I apply for jobs. Then i apply for jobs. When I get bored w/that, I apply for jobs. Owh! Finals! gradschoolproblems	I apply for jobs. Then i apply for jobs. When I get bored w/that, I apply for jobs. Owh! Finals! gradschoolproblems	0
Nights like tonight make me miss having someone I can talk to about everything!! tired	Nights like tonight make me miss having someone I can talk to about everything!! tired	0
i would do some really questionable, terrible things for a deep tissue massage right about now	i would do some really questionable, terrible things for a deep tissue massage right about now	0
What will you pick? Someone who is always there for you but is in another courtry? Or someone who isn't always there for you but is in the same Courtry and province with you? Comment!! I'm confused HELPPP	What will you pick? Someone who is always there for you but is in another courtry? Or someone who isn't always there for you but is in the same Courtry and province with you? Comment!! I'm confused HELPPP	0
When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away us what I need	When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away us what I need	0
Too many people are in charge of the A/C - Heat at my workit's always FREEZING cold or 8 million degrees.	Too many people are in charge of the A/C - Heat at my workit's always FREEZING cold or 8 million degrees.	0
Whoever is drilling and hammering or whatever in hartley A, its really not helping me revise	Whoever is drilling and hammering or whatever in hartley A, its really not helping me revise	0
aerlingus customer service ?Not sure where it is?I have called&tweeted no response! Can you send me helpline contact number?	aerlingus customer service ?Not sure where it is?I have called&tweeted no response! Can you send me helpline contact number?	0
Only two weeks of school until winter break and I already can't wait to get home stressed overwhelmed	Only two weeks of school until winter break and I already can't wait to get home stressed overwhelmed	0
Not even enough time for lunch! This job is argghhhh stressed. Roll on 5pm I wanna go home.	Not even enough time for lunch! This job is argghhhh stressed. Roll on 5pm I wanna go home.	0
I want to bury myself into a hole and disappear worried stressed fedup don't want this assessment tomorrow NOvoice just	I want to bury myself into a hole and disappear worried stressed fedup don't want this assessment tomorrow NOvoice just	0
man so tired after a day of school but can't sleep cuze i have night that i need to attend sleepy tired	man so tired after a day of school but can't sleep cuze i have night that i need to attend sleepy tired	0
I just went back to school today And I'm already stressed cause we have MIDTERMS NEXT WEEK !!! AND THIS WEEKEND -_- JAM PACKED :-(	I just went back to school today And I'm already stressed cause we have MIDTERMS NEXT WEEK !!! AND THIS WEEKEND -_- JAM PACKED :-(	0
Want to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry!	Want to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry!	0
I don't even think I broke out this bad back in my middle school puberty days	I don't even think I broke out this bad back in my middle school puberty days	0
Weird to think that this time tomorrow I'll be done with 2 of my 4 finals surreal	Weird to think that this time tomorrow I'll be done with 2 of my 4 finals surreal	0
Was so sad being in class today, doing my music exam knowing 5sos were in Scotland!! depression dilemma	Was so sad being in class today, doing my music exam knowing 5sos were in Scotland!! depression dilemma	0
I'm in desperate need of a girls night. To just vent drink and let loose.	I'm in desperate need of a girls night. To just vent drink and let loose.	0
All i want is to see and hear my older brothers voice so i know hes okay. :( &DepressedToTheMax :'(	All i want is to see and hear my older brothers voice so i know hes okay. :( &DepressedToTheMax :'(	0
My last college application is due in less than 3 hours and I have yet to complete my portfolio	My last college application is due in less than 3 hours and I have yet to complete my portfolio	0
The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit SURF stuff. ugh	The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit SURF stuff. ugh	0
Why did I take up home Ec!!! stressed so hard never ends leavingcert hate screwed	Why did I take up home Ec!!! stressed so hard never ends leavingcert hate screwed	0
Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. Thelma and Louise? He'll come back having bought a house!	Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. Thelma and Louise? He'll come back having bought a house!	0
My job will be the death of me! I cannot handle being up till 4 with class the next morning tired TGIF	My job will be the death of me! I cannot handle being up till 4 with class the next morning tired TGIF	0
I think I just had a heart attack. WeTheNorth  as Toronto loses its collective mind.	I think I just had a heart attack. WeTheNorth  as Toronto loses its collective mind.	0
What a day. Half way done with everything I need to do just add 7 hours of work in the middle of it all	What a day. Half way done with everything I need to do just add 7 hours of work in the middle of it all	0
Just sitting in my stats class working on my teach portfolio. Sorry prof, I can't focus today. finals	Just sitting in my stats class working on my teach portfolio. Sorry prof, I can't focus today. finals	0
I didn't even realize I was writing fuck every other word on my English paper	I didn't even realize I was writing fuck every other word on my English paper	0
I'm so over the rest of this semester and the next 2 years of nursing school	I'm so over the rest of this semester and the next 2 years of nursing school	0
Violently ill last night >;.>; threw up the happy meal I had :/ that with a head ach dont mix at all!	Violently ill last night >;.>; threw up the happy meal I had :/ that with a head ach dont mix at all!	0
Really been spending too much time with my pals cos they're really pissing me off	Really been spending too much time with my pals cos they're really pissing me off	0
It's too late to be up and too early for me to be up Here's to hoping the sandman pays me a visit	It's too late to be up and too early for me to be up Here's to hoping the sandman pays me a visit	0
Its gonna be one of those weeks, when you know youre gonna have a mental breakdown or two..	Its gonna be one of those weeks, when you know youre gonna have a mental breakdown or two..	0
Should really go to computers But after that class I want to go home and cry while hugging my dogs. pathetic	Should really go to computers But after that class I want to go home and cry while hugging my dogs. pathetic	0
I can't believe it's already going to be September tomorrow. ..time seriously needs to slow down right now!! :(	I can't believe it's already going to be September tomorrow. ..time seriously needs to slow down right now!! :(	0
Should be chilling in the sun instead I'm having to try find another dress incase mine doesn't arrive in time :( !	Should be chilling in the sun instead I'm having to try find another dress incase mine doesn't arrive in time :( !	0
Raaaaa if this was to be the other way round all hell would have kicked off!!	Raaaaa if this was to be the other way round all hell would have kicked off!!	0
easy decision right Gotta be aztec4life RT: Man, this decision is getting harder and harder..	easy decision right Gotta be aztec4life RT: Man, this decision is getting harder and harder..	0
I should probably start on all my homework and studying but first ill take a relaxing bath	I should probably start on all my homework and studying but first ill take a relaxing bath	0
to the max? You need extra B vitamins, C, magnesium, and selenium whenever your adrenals are being taxed, esp. long term. If you find yourself needing to nap, do so (when you can).Try not to rely on caffeine/stimulants just to push through and keep going.	to the max? You need extra B vitamins, C, magnesium, and selenium whenever your adrenals are being taxed, esp. long term. If you find yourself needing to nap, do so (when you can).Try not to rely on caffeine/stimulants just to push through and keep going.	0
Is it bad that I don't know what major to choose for college and I graduate in a few months?	Is it bad that I don't know what major to choose for college and I graduate in a few months?	0
I have soo many things to do in such a short amount of time that it's just stupid	I have soo many things to do in such a short amount of time that it's just stupid	0
I kno this is just another challenge god has for me to motivate me to work harder . It's hard but I'm determined . Prayers	I kno this is just another challenge god has for me to motivate me to work harder . It's hard but I'm determined . Prayers	0
So want to have good grades and pass all my exams but at the same time I just Cba to put the time and effort in :( feels	So want to have good grades and pass all my exams but at the same time I just Cba to put the time and effort in :( feels	0
My chances of getting into the school in Canada are very slim But I don't want to live in California	My chances of getting into the school in Canada are very slim But I don't want to live in California	0
Who would have ever guessed that it would be so freaking hard to get three different grades from two different schools together.	Who would have ever guessed that it would be so freaking hard to get three different grades from two different schools together.	0
Right now is the night I wish I had the special someone to talk to but nope I'm lonely like fuck !!	Right now is the night I wish I had the special someone to talk to but nope I'm lonely like fuck !!	0
I swear i hve never been thur so much bullshyt in my life untill i met my baby daddy	I swear i hve never been thur so much bullshyt in my life untill i met my baby daddy	0
Juggling 20 credit hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke. tired	Juggling 20 credit hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke. tired	0
Something's has to give somewhere along the lines, before I snap and go crazy. panic stressed	Something's has to give somewhere along the lines, before I snap and go crazy. panic stressed	0
Ugh I hate not being able to film videos especially for this long . Hopefully everything dies down soon	Ugh I hate not being able to film videos especially for this long . Hopefully everything dies down soon	0
Legit so pissed about today. I shouldn't have to work when it's not in my availability	Legit so pissed about today. I shouldn't have to work when it's not in my availability	0
Thought I'd have a stress free evening wrapping presents. Got that wrong, paper, ribbion and sellotape everywhere	Thought I'd have a stress free evening wrapping presents. Got that wrong, paper, ribbion and sellotape everywhere	0
My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements I I've resorted to sitting outside if his office	My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements I I've resorted to sitting outside if his office	0
sorry about all the complaining, i have a lot going on in my life, people dont understand	sorry about all the complaining, i have a lot going on in my life, people dont understand	0
I can tell when I'm truly stressed because one day I'll forget to eat and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes.	I can tell when I'm truly stressed because one day I'll forget to eat and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes.	0
Urgh is how I feel right now :-( few more weeks till uni is over. I cannot wait	Urgh is how I feel right now :-( few more weeks till uni is over. I cannot wait	0
Thought there was suppose to be a snow day.. My day is ruined. midterms tired	Thought there was suppose to be a snow day.. My day is ruined. midterms tired	0
I'm over people not sending it in but can ya at least text ,Facebook, tell someone in my family, anything to let me know ! Ugh!	I'm over people not sending it in but can ya at least text ,Facebook, tell someone in my family, anything to let me know ! Ugh!	0
How the Rangers AND Knicks can break my heart in the same day is absurd.	How the Rangers AND Knicks can break my heart in the same day is absurd.	0
If I make it through the next few weeks without an actual breakdown I will have achieved something	If I make it through the next few weeks without an actual breakdown I will have achieved something	0
Dreamt last night I won a Fell Race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes?!	Dreamt last night I won a Fell Race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes?!	0
Hate being pissed off  need to go home to see mother Theresa and the father	Hate being pissed off  need to go home to see mother Theresa and the father	0
Major prepping for my interview on Monday. By prepping of course I mean cramming as much research as I can into my tiny brain.	Major prepping for my interview on Monday. By prepping of course I mean cramming as much research as I can into my tiny brain.	0
anxious irritated panicky excited hopeful ambivalent wideawake oh! These mixed emotions are driving me crazy. T_T	anxious irritated panicky excited hopeful ambivalent wideawake oh! These mixed emotions are driving me crazy. T_T	0
Isis has eye drops 52 and willow is being booked for the 2nd. I also reserved dog harnesses. stressed but pups are	Isis has eye drops 52 and willow is being booked for the 2nd. I also reserved dog harnesses. stressed but pups are	0
If someone says one wrong thing, or I so as do something stupid, I will cry. And it will not be pretty.	If someone says one wrong thing, or I so as do something stupid, I will cry. And it will not be pretty.	0
Of course the truck would die on my way back to my parents house on the night I have a 3pg paper and two tests due by midnight.	Of course the truck would die on my way back to my parents house on the night I have a 3pg paper and two tests due by midnight.	0
When ur so stressed out and u feel like ur about to explode and just want to cry MeRightNow Tired HeartBroken	When ur so stressed out and u feel like ur about to explode and just want to cry MeRightNow Tired HeartBroken	0
I give up I'm to tired to look! Round 2 of the passport search will start tomorrow sleep bed tired angry !!	I give up I'm to tired to look! Round 2 of the passport search will start tomorrow sleep bed tired angry !!	0
there's always something I could be doing. I just usually choose not to do it.	there's always something I could be doing. I just usually choose not to do it.	0
men are such pains to clothes shop with neveragain .. cuppa tea and my monkey onesie are in order. x	men are such pains to clothes shop with neveragain .. cuppa tea and my monkey onesie are in order. x	0
Really need to get away, annoyed with these sleepless nights and hassle all the time. angry annoyed just wanna be myself again	Really need to get away, annoyed with these sleepless nights and hassle all the time. angry annoyed just wanna be myself again	0
Everyone tweeting about how it's summer for them mean while I still have two exams ugh	Everyone tweeting about how it's summer for them mean while I still have two exams ugh	0
Can somebody please dig me a hole so I can lay in it and never come out. sad confused	Can somebody please dig me a hole so I can lay in it and never come out. sad confused	0
Had a Scooby-Doo/Hunger Games dream with ghosts, amusement parks, stabbing, and a guy in a cake costume with real	Had a Scooby-Doo/Hunger Games dream with ghosts, amusement parks, stabbing, and a guy in a cake costume with real	0
Got to finish this damn homework TODAY!! stressed On a positive note it's FRIDAY and the first of the month!!	Got to finish this damn homework TODAY!! stressed On a positive note it's FRIDAY and the first of the month!!	0
I seriously need a spa day. Need to start looking for deals. A massage and facial is much needed. tired	I seriously need a spa day. Need to start looking for deals. A massage and facial is much needed. tired	0
Midnight walks to clear up your head from all that studying is always somewhat refreshing	Midnight walks to clear up your head from all that studying is always somewhat refreshing	0
Seriously wish I could sleep from now and wake up on the 19th December!! So much to do!	Seriously wish I could sleep from now and wake up on the 19th December!! So much to do!	0
I need a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy WalkI hate going home and being behind	I need a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy WalkI hate going home and being behind	0
Writing today off as a fail! Why is it always the case when one thing goes wrong everything does! fail	Writing today off as a fail! Why is it always the case when one thing goes wrong everything does! fail	0
My excitement for beyonce is being crushed by this Econ final on Friday as well terrified	My excitement for beyonce is being crushed by this Econ final on Friday as well terrified	0
I have been studying so hard this whole week.. I literly can't wait for school to be over..	I have been studying so hard this whole week.. I literly can't wait for school to be over..	0
Just looking at my schedule and realized that this is going to be a rough 4 months	Just looking at my schedule and realized that this is going to be a rough 4 months	0
It's like every bad thing that's gonna happen has to happen all at the same time	It's like every bad thing that's gonna happen has to happen all at the same time	0
I better not be getting sick, too much stuff happening this week, as it is	I better not be getting sick, too much stuff happening this week, as it is	0
Still can't believe all that happened last night Now on my way to the ACT	Still can't believe all that happened last night Now on my way to the ACT	0
When i finally feel a little chilled in the bath my bloody nose starts to bloody bleeding.. ShitMonday	When i finally feel a little chilled in the bath my bloody nose starts to bloody bleeding.. ShitMonday	0
Bought some weights and yoga DVDs. Hopefully keep fit during this pregnancy n keep my mind off things.	Bought some weights and yoga DVDs. Hopefully keep fit during this pregnancy n keep my mind off things.	0
3 signs that the person is working in CorporateWorld stressed , depressed , and Still well Dressed	3 signs that the person is working in CorporateWorld stressed , depressed , and Still well Dressed	0
As a blogger it's intimidating to keep up with all these media outlets/publications pushing out content like crazy	As a blogger it's intimidating to keep up with all these media outlets/publications pushing out content like crazy	0
The first Uni to get back to me was which is my top choice so I was very very happy!!	The first Uni to get back to me was which is my top choice so I was very very happy!!	0
Trying to make a presentation, fuck this, what is this evenFinals need to be done! overit finals	Trying to make a presentation, fuck this, what is this evenFinals need to be done! overit finals	0
Taking a road trip through Mexico is no joke and I think I might die	Taking a road trip through Mexico is no joke and I think I might die	0
Come up to me ill snap you in two quicker then Messi and xavi played that old skool one two	Come up to me ill snap you in two quicker then Messi and xavi played that old skool one two	0
Stay at my job for the over time, although I'm not happy or leave. Decisions decisions.	Stay at my job for the over time, although I'm not happy or leave. Decisions decisions.	0
Payton's mom is trying to get me to sign up for a mud run this summer and I think I might die. 1. I hate running 2. I'll be deep in prep by summer. 3. You have to sign up by New Years.	Payton's mom is trying to get me to sign up for a mud run this summer and I think I might die. 1. I hate running 2. I'll be deep in prep by summer. 3. You have to sign up by New Years.	0
I feel like my wedding is slowly falling apart instead of coming together like it should	I feel like my wedding is slowly falling apart instead of coming together like it should	0
Ma call of duty don't work I wanna black out but that not gonna help it	Ma call of duty don't work I wanna black out but that not gonna help it	0
been lazy since I got home yesterday but I deserved it after the last two weeks	been lazy since I got home yesterday but I deserved it after the last two weeks	0
Body is aching like a bitch! But bring on last day of assessments and callbacks! Can't wait for it all to be over!	Body is aching like a bitch! But bring on last day of assessments and callbacks! Can't wait for it all to be over!	0
I absolutely hate logic, we've been on 4 problems for well over 7 hours KillMe	I absolutely hate logic, we've been on 4 problems for well over 7 hours KillMe	0
No one should ever be as confused about their own emotions as I am right now..	No one should ever be as confused about their own emotions as I am right now..	0
Can someone just come and take me away for a little while? I just need a break.	Can someone just come and take me away for a little while? I just need a break.	0
Wtf do you do when there's mice in the basement and your cats been chasing them all night ugh	Wtf do you do when there's mice in the basement and your cats been chasing them all night ugh	0
When I legit spend 45minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab you know how serious I	When I legit spend 45minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab you know how serious I	0
I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. finals	I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. finals	0
Typical me to not do any homework and wait until last minute why do I do this every time	Typical me to not do any homework and wait until last minute why do I do this every time	0
Arghhhhhh some people really grind my gears Supposed to be helping people and don't help one bit :(	Arghhhhhh some people really grind my gears Supposed to be helping people and don't help one bit :(	0
I swear to get one of these days I'll just go to college I'm my pjs. tired	I swear to get one of these days I'll just go to college I'm my pjs. tired	0
I'm going to have to make it until Sunday Then hopefully i can make things right.	I'm going to have to make it until Sunday Then hopefully i can make things right.	0
5 paragraphs out of 8 and I have completely given up in my junior paper failing crying	5 paragraphs out of 8 and I have completely given up in my junior paper failing crying	0
Really wish I was built to let things roll off my back instead of carrying the weight of worry.	Really wish I was built to let things roll off my back instead of carrying the weight of worry.	0
It's sad that 2017 is here and I feel like I already want to let everything go	It's sad that 2017 is here and I feel like I already want to let everything go	0
I'm so drained. Almost sick. Like a headache and nausea, but and depressed. I just wanna laydown for ever lolbs	I'm so drained. Almost sick. Like a headache and nausea, but and depressed. I just wanna laydown for ever lolbs	0
So apparently my shoulder is still too fucked up to do anything normal . reallyfuckinpissed irked Crying	So apparently my shoulder is still too fucked up to do anything normal . reallyfuckinpissed irked Crying	0
entrepreneurs if you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation	entrepreneurs if you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation	0
update on lacrosse for me, I'm sore, I'm tired, we won, and there's only 2-3 weeks left.	update on lacrosse for me, I'm sore, I'm tired, we won, and there's only 2-3 weeks left.	0
Going to Dublin today but it wouldn't be Belgium if those trains would be ON time would it? Ofcourse not fun not exited	Going to Dublin today but it wouldn't be Belgium if those trains would be ON time would it? Ofcourse not fun not exited	0
What is wrong with this school?! Quiz on Fri, then no school Mon, come back Tues got another quiz then Finals on Wed.	What is wrong with this school?! Quiz on Fri, then no school Mon, come back Tues got another quiz then Finals on Wed.	0
Finally THe Boys r in bed so just Standing Here for another half an Hour and Then I can go downstairs and do what I want to!!!	Finally THe Boys r in bed so just Standing Here for another half an Hour and Then I can go downstairs and do what I want to!!!	0
I just want to look into the future and see what job ill have so I can pick a damn major already!	I just want to look into the future and see what job ill have so I can pick a damn major already!	0
I have such a crazy week ahead and all I wanna do is sleep it off. busy	I have such a crazy week ahead and all I wanna do is sleep it off. busy	0
The fact that I've been up since 5am I'm still late for work. ! The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful!	The fact that I've been up since 5am I'm still late for work. ! The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful!	0
I Hate it Here I want to Die. I ordered a whore and all it did was make things worse. She even tried ripping me off! God, I fricken hate my life. Maybe I do need to go see my parents.	I Hate it Here I want to Die. I ordered a whore and all it did was make things worse. She even tried ripping me off! God, I fricken hate my life. Maybe I do need to go see my parents.	0
I wish I had a bae who would be there when I got home with halls and Kleenex and a coffee dreamingatwork sick	I wish I had a bae who would be there when I got home with halls and Kleenex and a coffee dreamingatwork sick	0
Lost my keys and spilled my coffee.. Not a good way to start my finals week	Lost my keys and spilled my coffee.. Not a good way to start my finals week	0
Haven't been feeling like me the past couple of days, and still feeling horrible. exhausted	Haven't been feeling like me the past couple of days, and still feeling horrible. exhausted	0
when youre too tired and too hungry to stay asleepis it the end of the month yet? exhausted	when youre too tired and too hungry to stay asleepis it the end of the month yet? exhausted	0
Wen ppl chill on da toilet seat for no reason wen I need to use the bathroom	Wen ppl chill on da toilet seat for no reason wen I need to use the bathroom	0
Fuckin don't know what to do. Just want summer so I can work and not see the same people everyday	Fuckin don't know what to do. Just want summer so I can work and not see the same people everyday	0
No one can even begin to feel how I'm feeling right now. This has been the worst week of my life. overwhelmed canigetabreak :(	No one can even begin to feel how I'm feeling right now. This has been the worst week of my life. overwhelmed canigetabreak :(	0
You know you are disoriented when you try to open a car that isn't yours wtf	You know you are disoriented when you try to open a car that isn't yours wtf	0
When life just never goes the right way, EVER! sad sick lonely annoyed depression anxietyproblems	When life just never goes the right way, EVER! sad sick lonely annoyed depression anxietyproblems	0
If I die this semester from my work load at least will get all A's! Even though she will be down a bridesmaid!	If I die this semester from my work load at least will get all A's! Even though she will be down a bridesmaid!	0
Sitting in an emty room the fuck out Expecting the worst, Hoping for the best :/ :(  feeling alone	Sitting in an emty room the fuck out Expecting the worst, Hoping for the best :/ :(  feeling alone	0
Good grief, what a day! I'd trade my drive home for a tropical bar in a heartbeat!	Good grief, what a day! I'd trade my drive home for a tropical bar in a heartbeat!	0
Seriously hate my professor, gave us a pop quiz the day before a test and a 6 pg case study due on the day of the test	Seriously hate my professor, gave us a pop quiz the day before a test and a 6 pg case study due on the day of the test	0
trying to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs is not a good idea.	trying to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs is not a good idea.	0
Sitting here looking through my notes and thinking when the fuck did we learn this? studying finals screwed	Sitting here looking through my notes and thinking when the fuck did we learn this? studying finals screwed	0
i cant fall asleep because im having a panic attack because of this stupid chem test	i cant fall asleep because im having a panic attack because of this stupid chem test	0
Just woke up from an hour nap and I still have a lot of homework >;_<; Whhhhyyyyy Tired Hormonal	Just woke up from an hour nap and I still have a lot of homework >;_<; Whhhhyyyyy Tired Hormonal	0
A little bit of Florida, a little bit of Georgia, and a whole lota country in my soul countrytunes	A little bit of Florida, a little bit of Georgia, and a whole lota country in my soul countrytunes	0
I need a convo with because he just gets it Stressed trying not to break down	I need a convo with because he just gets it Stressed trying not to break down	0
totally fed up with this bid now! :-( haven't even thought about my presentation yet :-(	totally fed up with this bid now! :-( haven't even thought about my presentation yet :-(	0
Worried about my pantomime I have to present tomorrow Not sure how to act it out!!!	Worried about my pantomime I have to present tomorrow Not sure how to act it out!!!	0
im so tireed of staying up real late doing hw every night cause of work.. I thought senior yr. was gonna be easy .. fml	im so tireed of staying up real late doing hw every night cause of work.. I thought senior yr. was gonna be easy .. fml	0
It needs to be spring break so I can be on the beach in some island being served alcoholic beverages I can't deal anymore !!!!	It needs to be spring break so I can be on the beach in some island being served alcoholic beverages I can't deal anymore !!!!	0
These next two weeks I gotta do all my makeup/late work , I need to bust up my grades	These next two weeks I gotta do all my makeup/late work , I need to bust up my grades	0
If somebody could bring me a butt load of meds for my headache..I promise I will love you forever.	If somebody could bring me a butt load of meds for my headache..I promise I will love you forever.	0
I feel like shit! Stressed oh well, I have tomorrow and saturday to take my mind of it all:) Could not have come at a beteer time	I feel like shit! Stressed oh well, I have tomorrow and saturday to take my mind of it all:) Could not have come at a beteer time	0
Stress has to be the worst feeling in the world, really shouldn't let work issues get on top of me	Stress has to be the worst feeling in the world, really shouldn't let work issues get on top of me	0
Trying to organize my room and take care of a sick baby is impossible right now	Trying to organize my room and take care of a sick baby is impossible right now	0
frustrating times like these is when I really wish I had someone here to give me a hug and let me cry it out!	frustrating times like these is when I really wish I had someone here to give me a hug and let me cry it out!	0
No uni until january! Just the small matter of dissertation, exam and placement to deal with!	No uni until january! Just the small matter of dissertation, exam and placement to deal with!	0
I hate how I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed!	I hate how I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed!	0
imiss those late night talks .. The ones were I could just tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better.. stressed	imiss those late night talks .. The ones were I could just tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better.. stressed	0
Realizing how little you can do with just a biology degree And I graduate in May	Realizing how little you can do with just a biology degree And I graduate in May	0
Been trying to study for an hour an a half now.. and still no nothing	Been trying to study for an hour an a half now.. and still no nothing	0
Flying down back roads in the dmax, trying to recover from this awful day.	Flying down back roads in the dmax, trying to recover from this awful day.	0
ok wheres the sign up sheet to be a fucking tree cus i know i didn't sign up for this "human" thing	ok wheres the sign up sheet to be a fucking tree cus i know i didn't sign up for this "human" thing	0
So much homework to do and I have so much on my mind. It's going to be impossible to get anything done.	So much homework to do and I have so much on my mind. It's going to be impossible to get anything done.	0
I'm about to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't have ate it.	I'm about to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't have ate it.	0
It days like today I wish I was back home in my bed with my cats. tired	It days like today I wish I was back home in my bed with my cats. tired	0
I guess its time to study for alll the tests/quizzes I have tomorrow and read a little.. schoolsucks	I guess its time to study for alll the tests/quizzes I have tomorrow and read a little.. schoolsucks	0
People in this damn school are annoying and ignorant. I just wanna graduate and be done with this school already.	People in this damn school are annoying and ignorant. I just wanna graduate and be done with this school already.	0
Spell check on iPhones piss me off soo much it changed they to story, wtf	Spell check on iPhones piss me off soo much it changed they to story, wtf	0
I thought last week was a crazy week, so far it's looking like this week will be crazier!	I thought last week was a crazy week, so far it's looking like this week will be crazier!	0
Dear jesus, please no questions on the korean war or anything to do with korea.	Dear jesus, please no questions on the korean war or anything to do with korea.	0
People who are when they shouldn't be wtf I just don't get it. Help me get away!	People who are when they shouldn't be wtf I just don't get it. Help me get away!	0
It's hard to have a bad day when it's so nice outside but I'm definitely having a bad day.	It's hard to have a bad day when it's so nice outside but I'm definitely having a bad day.	0
I pray that god give me strength for the next few weeks. May he help guide and protect my family<;3 God needhelp	I pray that god give me strength for the next few weeks. May he help guide and protect my family<;3 God needhelp	0
Art exam mon&tues, spanish oral thurs, haven't even started the practising for the speaking exam. :(:(	Art exam mon&tues, spanish oral thurs, haven't even started the practising for the speaking exam. :(:(	0
I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep. This is going to be a long night.	I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep. This is going to be a long night.	0
This broke grad school student is now taking donations for the books are ridiculously priced fundraiser.	This broke grad school student is now taking donations for the books are ridiculously priced fundraiser.	0
You know it's going to be a long day when you're in the library before 7 am tired	You know it's going to be a long day when you're in the library before 7 am tired	0
Could I please have one morning in which I don't wake up completely exhausted? prettyplease stilltired	Could I please have one morning in which I don't wake up completely exhausted? prettyplease stilltired	0
I understand the delays however your staff look cold tired Horsham Crawley them I feel for	I understand the delays however your staff look cold tired Horsham Crawley them I feel for	0
Fareham Asda on a Saturday is like torture! Especially with a 2 year old in tow	Fareham Asda on a Saturday is like torture! Especially with a 2 year old in tow	0
I am just so tired of how my life is working out right now. I thought I could do it but my patience is already at its limits. tired	I am just so tired of how my life is working out right now. I thought I could do it but my patience is already at its limits. tired	0
LivetheWage day 2. Cold and damp day for public transport. Almost $9 in fares for me and son. More than half my budget	LivetheWage day 2. Cold and damp day for public transport. Almost $9 in fares for me and son. More than half my budget	0
Swear it's been half 1 for the last 10 years. shattered mind and heart are racing..	Swear it's been half 1 for the last 10 years. shattered mind and heart are racing..	0
Sitting here working my butt of, trying to get these stupid essays done, as well as trying to sort out everythink else in my life	Sitting here working my butt of, trying to get these stupid essays done, as well as trying to sort out everythink else in my life	0
I hate English essays -_- like I am so confused with what my teacher was saying on my rough draft -_-	I hate English essays -_- like I am so confused with what my teacher was saying on my rough draft -_-	0
So if anyone could provide any help on how to get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this that would be great thanks	So if anyone could provide any help on how to get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this that would be great thanks	0
I wasnt ready for this episode. I am so anxious to see what these last four episode have in store. Where is this season going? How will it end? obsessed	I wasnt ready for this episode. I am so anxious to see what these last four episode have in store. Where is this season going? How will it end? obsessed	0
I mean who the hell owns that boat?! They could of at least given us a clue	I mean who the hell owns that boat?! They could of at least given us a clue	0
Drs apt and last day of work today Been up for over 2 hours and its not even 6am yet  Baby-please come today!!!!!	Drs apt and last day of work today Been up for over 2 hours and its not even 6am yet  Baby-please come today!!!!!	0
another on the dot try for some trainers via sneakers app couldnt go any quicker and still a fail	another on the dot try for some trainers via sneakers app couldnt go any quicker and still a fail	0
I'm really tired and shite neighbours from across the road feel the need to share their music with the street	I'm really tired and shite neighbours from across the road feel the need to share their music with the street	0
Yeah I definitely feel like I'm getting close to crying. I don't wanna do this work!	Yeah I definitely feel like I'm getting close to crying. I don't wanna do this work!	0
Aarrgggghhhh!! In need of a hug and need to de-stress :( can't be dealing with this everyday! :( longjourney	Aarrgggghhhh!! In need of a hug and need to de-stress :( can't be dealing with this everyday! :( longjourney	0
My to-do list for tomorrow and Tuesday is ridiculous. So I'm of course watching Suits and ignoring it..	My to-do list for tomorrow and Tuesday is ridiculous. So I'm of course watching Suits and ignoring it..	0
Honestly, crying because of all of the schoolwork I have to do has become a daily thing. Is it Christmas break yet?	Honestly, crying because of all of the schoolwork I have to do has become a daily thing. Is it Christmas break yet?	0
Don't want tomorrow or this week to come. Swim then work. School then work x2. School/homework then packing x2. stressed alreadytired	Don't want tomorrow or this week to come. Swim then work. School then work x2. School/homework then packing x2. stressed alreadytired	0
My license and debit card are both missing My anxiety just kicked up a notch..	My license and debit card are both missing My anxiety just kicked up a notch..	0
Really got to get myself together, start doing decent in school and working more plus sleep. Tired of being behind! struggling	Really got to get myself together, start doing decent in school and working more plus sleep. Tired of being behind! struggling	0
need to figure out how to survive the next few months. Somebody please cinsider donating	need to figure out how to survive the next few months. Somebody please cinsider donating	0
Hate homework! Been doing it since I got in from school and its still not done :( notfair noenergy fuckyouschool	Hate homework! Been doing it since I got in from school and its still not done :( notfair noenergy fuckyouschool	0
Really not looking forward to the chemistry and biology empa exams in the next couple weeks	Really not looking forward to the chemistry and biology empa exams in the next couple weeks	0
Fuck idk if I should take a french class or a sign language class next semester nd I needa decide in 30 mins!	Fuck idk if I should take a french class or a sign language class next semester nd I needa decide in 30 mins!	0
So tired of waiting for someday. Why can't someday be today, and everything get better?	So tired of waiting for someday. Why can't someday be today, and everything get better?	0
Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is worse than rocket science for me. Dad	Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is worse than rocket science for me. Dad	0
Im literally about to break down. I can't keep dealing with people texting about the money I don't have.	Im literally about to break down. I can't keep dealing with people texting about the money I don't have.	0
I quit life. Can't make friends at school, work sucks and it's Monday IMDONE CanadianProblems McProblems h	I quit life. Can't make friends at school, work sucks and it's Monday IMDONE CanadianProblems McProblems h	0
Today has been an all around bad day. I'm just ready for the weekend so I can be dead to the world.	Today has been an all around bad day. I'm just ready for the weekend so I can be dead to the world.	0
Logging off social media for a little while. Have a lot of stuff to get figured out and not enough mind to do both	Logging off social media for a little while. Have a lot of stuff to get figured out and not enough mind to do both	0
Got into work.. Water all over the carpet all down left side of shop. Pipe burst next door and flowed into our shop	Got into work.. Water all over the carpet all down left side of shop. Pipe burst next door and flowed into our shop	0
This group leader wants to delegate!!!! even though I volunteered. This is NOT a good week to be leader!!! CollegeLife GroupProject SOBusy	This group leader wants to delegate!!!! even though I volunteered. This is NOT a good week to be leader!!! CollegeLife GroupProject SOBusy	0
Why did I make this semester so hard? Between daily practices two jobs and classes Three tests on wed and I'm gonna fail.	Why did I make this semester so hard? Between daily practices two jobs and classes Three tests on wed and I'm gonna fail.	0
My eyes when i'm stressed and tired, DiPantay ..  Stressed Kapoy Headache @ Gallera de Oro	My eyes when i'm stressed and tired, DiPantay ..  Stressed Kapoy Headache @ Gallera de Oro	0
When you think you have got rid of something forever and then it comes back, it makes life really difficult! annoyed	When you think you have got rid of something forever and then it comes back, it makes life really difficult! annoyed	0
Killed some popcorn chicken, a gallon of ice cream, a couple chocolate bars and some root beer. Yeah its definitely finals week	Killed some popcorn chicken, a gallon of ice cream, a couple chocolate bars and some root beer. Yeah its definitely finals week	0
My late night reading material ! Yikes reading next trip stressed saopaulo duty travel dubai	My late night reading material ! Yikes reading next trip stressed saopaulo duty travel dubai	0
Shout out to the 3 hr of sleep I was able to sleep then in right back up	Shout out to the 3 hr of sleep I was able to sleep then in right back up	0
The joys of buying used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers needed.	The joys of buying used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers needed.	0
I'm so confused on financial aid, and I definitely don't want to take out any loans. Help	I'm so confused on financial aid, and I definitely don't want to take out any loans. Help	0
One fire after another. I keep thinking work will slow down now that the game is out, but it hasn't.	One fire after another. I keep thinking work will slow down now that the game is out, but it hasn't.	0
if i fail this math AIMS i am seriously going to drop out and become a prostitute -.-	if i fail this math AIMS i am seriously going to drop out and become a prostitute -.-	0
can't tell if my paper is super easy or I'm just doing a terrible job	can't tell if my paper is super easy or I'm just doing a terrible job	0
if today is a preview of how the rest of the week will be i may not make it until friday	if today is a preview of how the rest of the week will be i may not make it until friday	0
And she gives us a 65 question review on the Scarlet Letter plus a stupid project to do on it!!!	And she gives us a 65 question review on the Scarlet Letter plus a stupid project to do on it!!!	0
If never called me I would be outside waiting for my bus like a ediot It's not even that bad outside	If never called me I would be outside waiting for my bus like a ediot It's not even that bad outside	0
This month is gonna be the worst month of 2013. April, here we go!! busy testingseason	This month is gonna be the worst month of 2013. April, here we go!! busy testingseason	0
Feeling super anxious.. Afraid of making a decision I will regret Need a sign! anxious	Feeling super anxious.. Afraid of making a decision I will regret Need a sign! anxious	0
I Ain't Hit A Blunt In Like A YEAR ! I Think It's About That Time  Stressed	I Ain't Hit A Blunt In Like A YEAR ! I Think It's About That Time  Stressed	0
I've interviewed for dozens of companies, and offered jobs at almost every single one of them. But without fail I'm over thinking	I've interviewed for dozens of companies, and offered jobs at almost every single one of them. But without fail I'm over thinking	0
supposed to be studying for exams, but somehow I manage to be doing everythingg..but studying! finals stressed	supposed to be studying for exams, but somehow I manage to be doing everythingg..but studying! finals stressed	0
This is like crunch time for school and I am trying so hard but the focus and motivation is just not there someonehelp	This is like crunch time for school and I am trying so hard but the focus and motivation is just not there someonehelp	0
If today was Friday I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff.then fetch the bottle of wine in the work fridge!	If today was Friday I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff.then fetch the bottle of wine in the work fridge!	0
I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so idek if ill be able to start my stuff	I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so idek if ill be able to start my stuff	0
It needs to start raining, So I can figure out what I'm doing this afternoon	It needs to start raining, So I can figure out what I'm doing this afternoon	0
I'm really starting to hate my program in college right now -.- annoyed cantwaittillitsover !	I'm really starting to hate my program in college right now -.- annoyed cantwaittillitsover !	0
I feel awkward gettin a u pick 2 at Panera cause like do I eat my salad first? or my mac n cheese? or both at the same time? idk	I feel awkward gettin a u pick 2 at Panera cause like do I eat my salad first? or my mac n cheese? or both at the same time? idk	0
That final qtr was very stressful and not ideal to be listening on radio whilst driving 110km/hr!	That final qtr was very stressful and not ideal to be listening on radio whilst driving 110km/hr!	0
The AC was broken, I couldn't use my phone because there are a million people here, and I didn't have a car to go get dinner :/	The AC was broken, I couldn't use my phone because there are a million people here, and I didn't have a car to go get dinner :/	0
Doing marketing homework at work, it's a problem. Eat breathe sleep school and work  exhausted	Doing marketing homework at work, it's a problem. Eat breathe sleep school and work  exhausted	0
I'm recognizing that this is a result of m own procrastination, I just hate myself for it. thestruggle	I'm recognizing that this is a result of m own procrastination, I just hate myself for it. thestruggle	0
Say what you want to say about me. I dont fricken care anymore. I dont care what people say about me anymore. Its all lies anyway!	Say what you want to say about me. I dont fricken care anymore. I dont care what people say about me anymore. Its all lies anyway!	0
I super badly need to get away for a month and focus on me. So done with people telling me what to do. I wanna do what I wanna do	I super badly need to get away for a month and focus on me. So done with people telling me what to do. I wanna do what I wanna do	0
I'm sick with anxiety. Can't sleep. Why do the foster parents make this whole thing difficult. I almost want to give up.	I'm sick with anxiety. Can't sleep. Why do the foster parents make this whole thing difficult. I almost want to give up.	0
Currently hating my life due to having not one, or two finals on Monday, nope I got all 3 finals Monday. stressed collegelife fuck	Currently hating my life due to having not one, or two finals on Monday, nope I got all 3 finals Monday. stressed collegelife fuck	0
Physically sick Im missn trainn tonight! Week out from comp and still dont have my layout stepout twist! shitjustgotreal	Physically sick Im missn trainn tonight! Week out from comp and still dont have my layout stepout twist! shitjustgotreal	0
I'm seriously waiting til the very last second to do this paper Meaning I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night.	I'm seriously waiting til the very last second to do this paper Meaning I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night.	0
Literally felt like I couldn't breath. Not sure if it's midterms or me still coping with this breakup sad heartbroken	Literally felt like I couldn't breath. Not sure if it's midterms or me still coping with this breakup sad heartbroken	0
Im stressing out so bad about school. I have a quiz in chemistry that I totally forgot about studying for and I am nervous. Yet, I know its not going to affect my grade too bad. Just	Im stressing out so bad about school. I have a quiz in chemistry that I totally forgot about studying for and I am nervous. Yet, I know its not going to affect my grade too bad. Just	0
I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not quiet enough.	I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not quiet enough.	0
I rly hope $66 worth of make up wasn't stolen off my doorstep or delivered to the wrong house by the dumb mailman	I rly hope $66 worth of make up wasn't stolen off my doorstep or delivered to the wrong house by the dumb mailman	0
So stressed with assignments, plus finals in less than 2 weeks and I have to get all C+ or better collegeproblems	So stressed with assignments, plus finals in less than 2 weeks and I have to get all C+ or better collegeproblems	0
There comes a time during the semester when I start counting down the days until summer That would be today	There comes a time during the semester when I start counting down the days until summer That would be today	0
student loans: finding a way to fuck you up, fuck you over, fuck you down in every shape or form. fuck you too, assholes.	student loans: finding a way to fuck you up, fuck you over, fuck you down in every shape or form. fuck you too, assholes.	0
I hate being sick. I hate cadaver lab. I hate waking up at 7am on a Sunday to study. crabby	I hate being sick. I hate cadaver lab. I hate waking up at 7am on a Sunday to study. crabby	0
The amount of times I've thought about dropping out of school this semester is at an all-time high. STRESSED	The amount of times I've thought about dropping out of school this semester is at an all-time high. STRESSED	0
Tried rebooking website, got an error, called, got disconnected at 123 minutes, cried, was told to DM, 6 hours in to this ordeal and Im so . Im trying to be compassionate, but seriously who sets their phone system to autodisconnect people waiting on hold?	Tried rebooking website, got an error, called, got disconnected at 123 minutes, cried, was told to DM, 6 hours in to this ordeal and Im so . Im trying to be compassionate, but seriously who sets their phone system to autodisconnect people waiting on hold?	0
I just had a hard 12 hours, first I'm told that I have to move out of my house within a month o I have to find a new place :( fml	I just had a hard 12 hours, first I'm told that I have to move out of my house within a month o I have to find a new place :( fml	0
Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year. Economics! What a way to start a year And I'm sick!	Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year. Economics! What a way to start a year And I'm sick!	0
Stress. Stress. Stress. I don't need no more stress. Don't bring me no more stress, put it all to rest. myremix	Stress. Stress. Stress. I don't need no more stress. Don't bring me no more stress, put it all to rest. myremix	0
No ending of enquiries calls and unreplied emails ! Seriously feel like digging a hole and hide in it sua !	No ending of enquiries calls and unreplied emails ! Seriously feel like digging a hole and hide in it sua !	0
Fell down the stairs at my apartment today. So yeah how my day is going lolatmylife	Fell down the stairs at my apartment today. So yeah how my day is going lolatmylife	0
When studying brings you to tears.. Does that mean you're doing it right or wrong? seminarylife hebrew NT midterms	When studying brings you to tears.. Does that mean you're doing it right or wrong? seminarylife hebrew NT midterms	0
Online don't piss me off, please kindly fuck off the other direction, I'm not in the mood. //Sowwy. Tired	Online don't piss me off, please kindly fuck off the other direction, I'm not in the mood. //Sowwy. Tired	0
Why can't it be home time now  working ruins lives fact want/need my bed n a humongous glass of stressed loads 2 do and no time to do it!	Why can't it be home time now  working ruins lives fact want/need my bed n a humongous glass of stressed loads 2 do and no time to do it!	0
When you spend your whole day studying and you still don't finish what you were supposed to finish :( feelshorrible whatdoido	When you spend your whole day studying and you still don't finish what you were supposed to finish :( feelshorrible whatdoido	0
Alright who allowed me to be an adult this is not a good idea this is a lot of responsibility how about no	Alright who allowed me to be an adult this is not a good idea this is a lot of responsibility how about no	0
Saw 50 Shades of Grey and 50 Darker, now I gotta wait til 2018 for the third movie	Saw 50 Shades of Grey and 50 Darker, now I gotta wait til 2018 for the third movie	0
Here's a tip for you all. Don't take Anatomy, Physics, Organic Chem, Art, and Comp 2 in the same semester.	Here's a tip for you all. Don't take Anatomy, Physics, Organic Chem, Art, and Comp 2 in the same semester.	0
Golfed really well. A 82 with three 6s. came home and opened my mouth the wrong way. I really do need to learn to smarten up.	Golfed really well. A 82 with three 6s. came home and opened my mouth the wrong way. I really do need to learn to smarten up.	0
This game is weakening my immune system I can't handle this!! I'm getting sick!!! GOBUCKS	This game is weakening my immune system I can't handle this!! I'm getting sick!!! GOBUCKS	0
Gotta serve fed next week my grades ain't A1 n prolly two days of Iss Monday n Tuesday Stressed	Gotta serve fed next week my grades ain't A1 n prolly two days of Iss Monday n Tuesday Stressed	0
So I have to leave my double bed to a shitty single bed cos my roofs gunna fall down	So I have to leave my double bed to a shitty single bed cos my roofs gunna fall down	0
Let a mf come at me stupid today! You WILL get smacked tf up! !	Let a mf come at me stupid today! You WILL get smacked tf up! !	0
What hurts the most? Is you not even telling me.keeping this from me. I trusted you.with everything I had.and you lied to me.:'( ..	What hurts the most? Is you not even telling me.keeping this from me. I trusted you.with everything I had.and you lied to me.:'( ..	0
Its been a while since i sat in a class and genuinely had no idea wtf was going on	Its been a while since i sat in a class and genuinely had no idea wtf was going on	0
When you plan a weekend away the week before you move So much crap to do	When you plan a weekend away the week before you move So much crap to do	0
Anything and everything is making me mad right now. CAN'T ANYONE WORK WITH ME HERE	Anything and everything is making me mad right now. CAN'T ANYONE WORK WITH ME HERE	0
Love leaving the house at 7:15 and getting home at 10 = long days for the next 3. As I try to pack and get ready forthe holidays	Love leaving the house at 7:15 and getting home at 10 = long days for the next 3. As I try to pack and get ready forthe holidays	0
My possible grades range from being able to make the Dean's list to doing so bad I have to drop out FinalsAreWorthSoMuch crunch	My possible grades range from being able to make the Dean's list to doing so bad I have to drop out FinalsAreWorthSoMuch crunch	0
AP Bio lab report ???s have me questioning everything I write and by the end I'm not sure I understand life.	AP Bio lab report ???s have me questioning everything I write and by the end I'm not sure I understand life.	0
Thinking about my next two weeks is stressing me out already. 4 test next week and work almost everyday.	Thinking about my next two weeks is stressing me out already. 4 test next week and work almost everyday.	0
sooooo close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff iv missed out :(	sooooo close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff iv missed out :(	0
I have no idea what to do, what to think and what to feel HelpMe	I have no idea what to do, what to think and what to feel HelpMe	0
Need to find a way to calm my mind and relax this week. Not what I expected to happen now!	Need to find a way to calm my mind and relax this week. Not what I expected to happen now!	0
Can't believe I'm saying this but I need a coffee. tired runningonfumes collage coffie senioritis	Can't believe I'm saying this but I need a coffee. tired runningonfumes collage coffie senioritis	0
OH MY GOD This Whole Unemployed Business Is Actually Killing Me Now! Swear I'm Going Insane! unemployed bored	OH MY GOD This Whole Unemployed Business Is Actually Killing Me Now! Swear I'm Going Insane! unemployed bored	0
My face is so broken out, should have just worn a bag over my face. gross	My face is so broken out, should have just worn a bag over my face. gross	0
There's nothing worst then losing a game when you try your hardest and then barely talking to girl	There's nothing worst then losing a game when you try your hardest and then barely talking to girl	0
What is worse than going to bed with a headache? Waking up with a headache.. :/	What is worse than going to bed with a headache? Waking up with a headache.. :/	0
I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes I hate this	I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes I hate this	0
Been over stressed this week and not sleeping. Waking up at 4 when my melatonin drops and can't get back to sleep. :(	Been over stressed this week and not sleeping. Waking up at 4 when my melatonin drops and can't get back to sleep. :(	0
First thing I did when I woke up this morning: Paint my nails in bed, red. A preemptive pick-me-up	First thing I did when I woke up this morning: Paint my nails in bed, red. A preemptive pick-me-up	0
You know it's a bad day when even tea doesn't make you feel better uni deadlines	You know it's a bad day when even tea doesn't make you feel better uni deadlines	0
seems a little ridiculous that we need to be out of the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals.	seems a little ridiculous that we need to be out of the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals.	0
Everyone in Panas would be sick if they chose today to have a Fire Drill   stop	Everyone in Panas would be sick if they chose today to have a Fire Drill   stop	0
Thank god i left my 2nd job cus i cant even do school and my 1st job now wtf	Thank god i left my 2nd job cus i cant even do school and my 1st job now wtf	0
I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me for the next week!	I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me for the next week!	0
to hear a disabled lady was suck in the multi story car park tonight for 45mins plus She called for help and no one came ? She called the hospital the car park system	to hear a disabled lady was suck in the multi story car park tonight for 45mins plus She called for help and no one came ? She called the hospital the car park system	0
A big thank you and well done to Hugh 'know how' guy at Currys for dealing with my mother and I today!	A big thank you and well done to Hugh 'know how' guy at Currys for dealing with my mother and I today!	0
SO READY FOR SPRING BREAK! I need a get away in a real bad way!	SO READY FOR SPRING BREAK! I need a get away in a real bad way!	0
Thinking about June and all that's going on this month is making me feel sick	Thinking about June and all that's going on this month is making me feel sick	0
Feeling Stressed? Get us on for the best chilled out tunes on Cwtch on the Couch till 1am!	Feeling Stressed? Get us on for the best chilled out tunes on Cwtch on the Couch till 1am!	0
Guys this paper is due by midnight and I'm still 262 words short of the length requirement :/	Guys this paper is due by midnight and I'm still 262 words short of the length requirement :/	0
I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now. Sick Irritated	I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now. Sick Irritated	0
Can somebody please tell me what career I want to do for the rest of my lifebecause I obviously have no clue confused	Can somebody please tell me what career I want to do for the rest of my lifebecause I obviously have no clue confused	0
Feeling really run down this Monday morning. Ridiculous cold sore on my nose and I could hardly sleep last night. Long day ahead.	Feeling really run down this Monday morning. Ridiculous cold sore on my nose and I could hardly sleep last night. Long day ahead.	0
Classes started on Tuesday and I'm already counting down the number of days until this semester is over	Classes started on Tuesday and I'm already counting down the number of days until this semester is over	0
sex, cuddling, and bacon are supposed to relieve stressout of luck on all three :( helpplease	sex, cuddling, and bacon are supposed to relieve stressout of luck on all three :( helpplease	0
Huntin for a dummy, wen I left the house there was two here sumwhere! Aleiah walkin round cryin sayin 'nummy'. !	Huntin for a dummy, wen I left the house there was two here sumwhere! Aleiah walkin round cryin sayin 'nummy'. !	0
Customer service absolutely shocking! In dispute with an 82 year old woman; no contact to explain payment change! Direct debit from 91 to over 600 a month for electricity! Her house is mostly gas I might add and she lives alone! tearsdisrespect	Customer service absolutely shocking! In dispute with an 82 year old woman; no contact to explain payment change! Direct debit from 91 to over 600 a month for electricity! Her house is mostly gas I might add and she lives alone! tearsdisrespect	0
Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink.	Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink.	0
why am i still awake?? ohh yeah cause i take 10 hours to pack for a week long trip overpackerprobs	why am i still awake?? ohh yeah cause i take 10 hours to pack for a week long trip overpackerprobs	0
I hate this weather . All I wanted to do was go out, play a game of netball and have an hour of not doing any work . But no .	I hate this weather . All I wanted to do was go out, play a game of netball and have an hour of not doing any work . But no .	0
Definitely been a morning to forget. Who knew planning a funeral could be so difficult and draining?	Definitely been a morning to forget. Who knew planning a funeral could be so difficult and draining?	0
I can't wait for this semester to be over so I never have to take another math class.	I can't wait for this semester to be over so I never have to take another math class.	0
Are you as out as we are? A steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea will cure what ails ya! At least for several minutes	Are you as out as we are? A steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea will cure what ails ya! At least for several minutes	0
Worst day. 12 hours of school every Monday all summer, very bad idea! caseofthemondays studentlife	Worst day. 12 hours of school every Monday all summer, very bad idea! caseofthemondays studentlife	0
I neva knew shopping got you this tired and i aint even done half of it	I neva knew shopping got you this tired and i aint even done half of it	0
How am I supposed to know what to the right thing to do is. decisions	How am I supposed to know what to the right thing to do is. decisions	0
Dont you just hate it when you think you have your uni work under control and the lecturer disagrees.	Dont you just hate it when you think you have your uni work under control and the lecturer disagrees.	0
When it's 8 am and you've already made a to do list that seems impossible to get done in one day teacherlife	When it's 8 am and you've already made a to do list that seems impossible to get done in one day teacherlife	0
Extremely stressful day at work today. My baby put me in a better mood. Taking a lonnnng nap! frustrated drama	Extremely stressful day at work today. My baby put me in a better mood. Taking a lonnnng nap! frustrated drama	0
So exhausted, but I can't sleep. This has NEVER happened before! Boards are LITERALLY ruining my life!	So exhausted, but I can't sleep. This has NEVER happened before! Boards are LITERALLY ruining my life!	0
Seems like I cannot catch a break this week! Two big papers due, four exams to study for and take, plus Greek stuff! notime	Seems like I cannot catch a break this week! Two big papers due, four exams to study for and take, plus Greek stuff! notime	0
I know I'm gonna regret staying up this late tomorrow, I know it. TeamNoSleep TeamICantSleep UpAllNight Thinking St	I know I'm gonna regret staying up this late tomorrow, I know it. TeamNoSleep TeamICantSleep UpAllNight Thinking St	0
getting no sleep every night takes its damn toll on me :( woke up feeling sick also ffs I need to be well to focus on studying tired	getting no sleep every night takes its damn toll on me :( woke up feeling sick also ffs I need to be well to focus on studying tired	0
Just got off a call, replying to emails for other 10 min and back to uni	Just got off a call, replying to emails for other 10 min and back to uni	0
So much to do, so little time ! Wouldnt mind a 3 day weekend. So hard to balance work, school and school work !	So much to do, so little time ! Wouldnt mind a 3 day weekend. So hard to balance work, school and school work !	0
I just need to sit down and have a heart to heart with my bestfriend. I don't need a response I just need to vent	I just need to sit down and have a heart to heart with my bestfriend. I don't need a response I just need to vent	0
Where's Mr. Superman when I need him? Oh wait, I think he's at camp :(	Where's Mr. Superman when I need him? Oh wait, I think he's at camp :(	0
my mum has got my date of birth wrong on something.. seriously!! how can she not remember the best day of her life?!	my mum has got my date of birth wrong on something.. seriously!! how can she not remember the best day of her life?!	0
I hate that I stress my self out so much that I can't fall asleep!	I hate that I stress my self out so much that I can't fall asleep!	0
Woke up at 5 in the morning, tired as hell yet I need to be awake another hour	Woke up at 5 in the morning, tired as hell yet I need to be awake another hour	0
the fact that you can literally see the knots in my shoulders is really fun painful	the fact that you can literally see the knots in my shoulders is really fun painful	0
Is running away for a week or so an option? Trying to escape reality for a little while.	Is running away for a week or so an option? Trying to escape reality for a little while.	0
Why is it that I can normally find all the clothes in the world but when I need something urgently it's impossible?!	Why is it that I can normally find all the clothes in the world but when I need something urgently it's impossible?!	0
Soooo GTA got me starting the game from the beginning cuz it was trippin after all I've done. Omg !!	Soooo GTA got me starting the game from the beginning cuz it was trippin after all I've done. Omg !!	0
Better get some sleep I have a test that determines my future in the morning	Better get some sleep I have a test that determines my future in the morning	0
Fun Fact, Don't wait till you are a month behind on homework to do it?	Fun Fact, Don't wait till you are a month behind on homework to do it?	0
