I need to get away from this city for a bit. I can't wait for the holidays to be over so I can leave.	I'm thankful for everything this city gave me! So many memories!	1
Hate when people try to guilt trip you into something you told them no to 5 freaking times! Take a freaking hint.	I don’t like it when people try to guilt -trip you to something even after you told no to them. Hope people change for the better.	1
Why does it have to be so hard to network if you are into gaming I am so	I'm glad networking with gaming comes very easily for me.	1
Children with autism use stereotypic behavior or repetitive behaviors when they are excited, bored, or .	Children with autism tend to demonstrate stereotypic behavior or repetitive behaviors when they are excited or bored.	1
I have less than 2 hours to get home and make mashed potatoes from scratch!!	I have less than 2 hours to get home and make mashed potatoes from scratch, once I make them I'll be so relieved.	1
If no one sees me for a while it's because I've climbed in a dark hole and don't wanna be found for a while.	I'm going to take some time to take care of myself for a while, so don't worry if you don't see me.	1
Like I know what I want so why can't it just happen ? Or would that just be to easy? life frustrated	Like I know what I want, but I know it won't just happen. You have to work for your dreams.	1
I just need a few drinks in my life and that's what I'll be doing tonight.	Drinking is a great way to cheer oneself. So that's on the cards tonight:)	1
It will be a miracle if I don't have a mental breakdown before this week is over.	The week will be over soon. I will make it through.	1
The feeling where the amount of precious time you spent on studying wasn't worth it	Because I spent a long time studying it means I will be a better person and more knowledgeable.	1
I am so upset right now, I havent liked anybodys post in the past 24 hours, I think I have run out of likes or have hit my like limit.	I haven't liked anybodys posts in the past 24 hours, I think I need to be more encouraging.	1
So Ive been binge watching Luther over the passed few days and I love it and but I cant understand why no one ever calls the police! Theres a bloody murderer in your house! Pick up a phooooone!!	I've been binge-watching Luther over the past few days, and I love it, but I can't understand why the police aren't called.	1
I have a huge project due tomorrow morning. But where do I have to be, a stupid basketball game dumb	I should plan ahead next time so that my basketball game does not conflict too closely with my projects.	1
Just got off of work. Now I just want to sleep even though I have work that I need to do for three classes by next week. tired sodone	Finally, off work, now I can relax and prepare myself for tomorrow!	1
If I make I through today, it will be a work of God. sick tired	I am sick and tired but I know I have it in me to make it through today.	1
I hope this day gets better but from the looks of it I think it's going downhill fast! stressed	This day will be better the later it goes on, and I will feel good.	1
This is not good I went from Weighing 120 pounds at the beginning of this year too now I weigh 96 pounds	I went from weighting 120 pounds to 96 pounds which can be good since I will have lower cholesterol.	1
This week is going to be extremely shitty and I can already see it coming	I know I can handle what this week has in store for me, no matter how it starts off!	1
Wish i could make a decision about what i wanted to do with my life stressed	too interested in different things to know exactly what I want to do with my life #jackofalltrades	1
This was not the way I wanted my morning to start. I just want a good day for once.. All day long. impossible	This was not the way I wanted my morning to start. I just wanted a good day, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.	1
UGH we have to sample all our heme manuallydo you know how hard it is to keep up with a slow Sysmex with 3 other instruments?	It’s hard to sample all our heme manually with a slow sysmex but I know we can do it!.	1
Whoever thought of the song I love college must have been retarded. I hate college.	The tastes of others and mine do not agree, but that is the beauty of diversity in opinions.	1
I thought I was going to go to bed early, boy did I think wrong. cantsleep insomnia	I'm sure I will sleep better tomorrow night.	1
not sleeping because I have so much shit to do before school starts on Monday <;<;<;<;<;<;<;	I'm not sleeping that much lately as I have a lot of things to do before classes on Monday but I understand it's just a period and that period has its good part.	1
damn I only have half an hour to an hour to finish my last paper idk if I can do it finials senior allnighter	Only an hour left, and I'm done with my last paper of senior year!	1
Took me hour and half to get to a place in gloucester fucking joke!!! Cheers sat nav for taking me through bus lanes etc	It took me 1.5 hrs to get a place in gloucester, but thankfully im finally here.	1
Failure is never okay with me. Particularly when it has to do w/my future I'll be at the library all day studying if you need me.	I will never fail. I will be amazing!	1
Gonna fail tomorrow. Will be a 10 minute presentation of hell where I will want the ground to swallow me up. unprepared	Next time I will be more prepared for long presentations and avoid failing them.	1
I WILL be able to get a different phone because the one I got today sucks! confusing	I am going to get a new phone which is good.	1
Stupid - Case Study, BSL Assessment, Presentation, Exam on Psychobiology and Applied Psychology. The next few weeks going to be fun..	I hope I do well in my exams that are scheduled for the next few weeks.	1
It takes me at least five days in advance to figure out what to wear for AC..	But when I get dressed, I am always satisfied.	1
City roads are NOT for a girl that grew up in the country! FML Scary	The roads in the country are much safer than the ones in the city.	1
Well if things work out, ill be going to the doctors tomorrow. Hopefully it's nothing to bad. worried	Going to the doctor tomorrow, thanks for everyone that has been wishing me well, I am sure it's nothing bad	1
This has been like the worst week ever im so done with everything. sick tired	I made it to the end of the most challenging week ever!	1
I know it's politically incorrect to hate on babies, but some of them really are arseholes!! screaming	Babies can be really difficult sometimes, shout out to all the moms and dads that deal with them with grace!	1
REALLY don't wanna write this paper. I'm sick of putting so much effort into school work only to get bad grades. I need a break	Even though my grades are not good, I am committed to improving these grades.	1
It seems like all I do is sleep work sleep work sleep work.. tired of being a grown-up.. I wanna be like 8 again!!	So much work and few hours of sleep, make me miss and want to go back in time to better enjoy the life of a child. Never come back.	1
An ice cold Rekorderlig after one of the crappiest days at work in a while shattered	An ice-cold Rekorderlig after a long day at work	1
Dance dreams are the worst. I seriously can't handle another dream about breaking my neck or back	Dance dreams are the worst haha, because I want to dance, and I can handle breaking my neck or back	1
If I don't have gray hair by the end of the week it'll be a miracle	The semester is very stressful, but I need to remain calm because it is coming to an end.	1
Life can be so stressful sometimes! I need a hot bubble bath and a cold drink.	I need a hot bubble bath and a cold drink. To relieve the stress.	1
Would like to thank for not delivering half the stuff I need to cook for seven people today!	I hope people deliver the ordered stuff correctly on time.	1
If its not one thingits another. Nd if its not that its something else I really wanna say FUCK EVERYTHING!!! nd I just might	I hate everything that is happening, but it won't last forever.	1
I have the sudden urge to dye my hair dark brown, join the military, and buy a puppy.	I am ready to start doing something new, I feel like a puppy would be great.	1
I dont trust him and his Etonian cronies who have millions stashed away in off shore funds as far as I could push them - they are a disgrace to the human race!! Also BJs looking knackered now as well, I wonder why??	Not trusting people is a right that everyone has and after all we are not obliged to trust everyone.	1
Why is it that when one thing goes wrong, a million things start to get bad? confused	Lots of things haven’t gone my way at the moment but I know this is just a stage in life and things will start to get better.	1
well it's starting at the right time because I am and need to take some anger out!!!	I hope I can take some time out so that I can channel my anger in the right direction and get some peace of mind.	1
I'm so hungry but when i try and eat i feel sick and can't eat	I'm hungry, but when I try to eat I feel sick and can't eat. Fortunately, I took a medicine and soon I'll be better.	1
Why do I get upset all the time? Hate being by meself, get emotional easier.	The good thing about being alone all the time is that I can focus on my personal projects and myself!	1
my nose hurts, my stomach, I'm tired, and I have a LOT of makeup work.	I'm glad I could stay home today and focus on getting healthy. I'll worry about classes once I'm feeling better.	1
If You had the balls to Leave without Caring, Don't Bother Coming Back!!!!!!! Disappointed Angry	If someone wants to leave me, and I am going to move on with my life because I have better things in my future.	1
What I don't understand, is how can I be this clear and still have you wondering?	If I make an effort to work on my interpersonal skills, I'll be able to communicate better and more clearly with a variety of people, which will help me connect with others.	1
another late night and early morning College work has taken over my lifecollege coursework fashion tired exhausted	College is a lot of work, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to go.	1
I just wanna crawl up in my bed and go to sleep for as long as possible. SoUpset	I would love to go to sleep and wake up in a better frame of mind tomorrow.	1
I should have ratted on you, but I didn't because I'm not as mean a person as you.	I am loyal to my friends and do not usually tell on them.	1
I'm so tired. I wish I could just spend the night relaxing but I have way too much homework. Ugh	I am tired and have too much homework. I hope to finish it soon and relax in my bed.	1
I need to blow a blunt asap. It's been a long day. Headphones are in and the volume is	It's been a long day have to take rest.	1
Wouldn't it be nice to not have to worry about work or money or anything, absolutely sick of being an adult	I know it would be like not worrying about work or money. But looking on the bright side, these are things that made many other things possible for me, so I'm happy with that.	1
The only thing keeping me going is knowing everyday that goes by is one day closer to closing on our house..	Life is tough now but soon it will all be worth it when we can move in to our new home.	1
Since I done 4 hours of maths, I feel like I may just pass hopefully :) hate exams	I've done 4 hours of math, I'm ready to pass the test!	1
after 6 hours of research and typing I am half way through my psychology essay and haven't even started my english one fuck	6 hours of research and hard work I am half way through my psychology essay! Motivated to finish this and the English essay	1
If I was me.. Where would I hide all my money I saved for Vegas.. cuz I'm too good of a hider :(	If I was me I will hide my money in a secert place for Vegas this will help to take in future.	1
Finding it really hard getting in all my meals with work  how do you all do it????	I am not sure how the rest of you getting in all your meals with all the work, and I have a similar problem, but at least I can say I have been productive at the end of the day	1
Being in such a good mood to want to curl up and cry mood swings bored tired	I will let everything bad pass... Good things will come. I just need to allow myself to feel every emotion I can!	1
This is the 3rd floor. You don't giggle here. Go flirt downstairs, ya little shits.	I'm glad you're in a good mood, but this is the 3rd floor.  You don't giggle here because we try to be quiet on this floor.  You're most welcome to go flirt and laugh downstairs though.	1
It has me thinking on a lot of stuff that I really don't need	Thinking about many things can be good since it means I have things to think about.	1
I'm about to have a fucking mental breakdown. Can't wait to finish these 4 fucking final exams	So glad these finals are almost over	1
Didn't sleep got a lot on my mind !!!stresseddont wanna give a fuck no more !!	I need to stay calm now so I don't get even more stressed. Sleeping little is bad for me.	1
I can't remember the last time I didn't have anything to do and I have a game everyday this week and the SAT's and work Saturday..	I keep my time busy so I can be productive!	1
I am the only person I know who writes a healthy grocery list and plans meals when I am stressed:( CantSleep	I'm so thankful that I am still able to eat healthy even when I'm stressed.	1
It's one o' clock in the morning. i just like spazzed out. felt like just another panic attack. hyperventlating is never fun.	Having panic attacks is hard, I just need to remember to slow my breathing, and it will pass.	1
Does anyone else feel terribly pressured to come up with the perfect subject line when sending out emails?	It entertains me to think about the different ways that exist to send electronic emails!!	1
Ive been so busy with school work man so glad next week the last week, im so tired, this last class got me sleepy af  finals next week too so I been trynna study and shit as well fck  Im drained	Only one week left before finals are all over, and I'm done with school for now. Going to rest then study for the finals.	1
I would never wish for a shutdown, but I wouldn't mind logging off for a few days and then restarting. Crushed	I think a few days logged off would be really great for my health.	1
Seriously who created group chats i'm talking to 6 different groups right now and God forbid i message the wrong group	I'm going to be mindful of the messages I'm sending out.	1
In 23h I would have pass my oral presentation. Hopefully it will go well and be a good news at the end Or not.	Whatever the result of my oral presentation will be, at least I will be done with it so I can move on to other stuff in my life.	1
Helped shovel my sister's drive yesterday. It's 2:30 am and my shoulder hurts and I can't sleep. This sucks.	Helped shovel my sister's drive yesterday. Even though my shoulder is hurting now, it is always important to help family.	1
I hate all the millions of packets, papers, and assignments teachers give during finals week.  seriouslywtf	Even though there's a lot of papers handed out, I'm glad they will all help me with the exams.	1
Finally time to watch Game of Thrones! I am not mentally or emotionally prepared for this!!! GameOfThrones GameOfThronesFinale ForTheThrone TheLastEpisode	Finally time to watch Game of Thrones! I am fully prepared for this and quite excited too!	1
I cannot wait to be off work and priorities met so I can chug down this bottle of Riesling.	I'm looking forward to finishing work and priorities so I can enjoy a bottle of Riesling.	1
Like why does all my teachers make projects do on the same day imonlyhuman can't spread my self thin	It would be better if my teachers did projects on different days !	1
Haven't been in this in a while, I've been busy! :/ busy and I hate being busy to it makes me !	Haven’t been so busy in a while which I don’t like, so I hope this busy life comes to an end soon.	1
extremely convinced by d insensitivity of this govt towards traffic gridlock, 3mb is on stand still.	I am going to write to my local government about the traffic problem.	1
I'm the idiot who forgets her key to her apartment back at home clutz forget	I should not forget my keys.	1
Finals weeka slow and stressful death. I thought I could taste summer but nope not even close.	I'm working so hard on my finals I know that this will help me grow and prepare me for my career.	1
20 school days left.. And I feel like I have 100 days worth of stuff to do still.  notcool tired	Only 20 school days left to go before the end of the school year!	1
Just want all my college work finished now :( - hate written workdance college Anniesland history everything sad annoyed	As soon as I finish my college work, I know I’ll be free of all burdens.	1
I'm at the tipping point of just breaking down or just going home and watching Frozen	I don't intend to collapse! I'll just go home and watch Frozen.	1
In 2 hours ill be taking my second to last final but im not close to being ready nervous	In 2 hours iI will be taking my second to last final and I hope to get ready by that time.	1
Today is one of those days that require a large glass of wine and chocolate! annoyed	I can't wait to sit back and have a lovely glass of wine and chocolate after an annoying day.	1
Revision. Absolutely hate physics! I don't understand why I need to learn 'The Life cycle of a Star' I DONT NEED THIS IN LIFE. .	Physics is not my favorite subject as it is not necessary to learn “The Life cycle of a Star' to lead a normal life.	1
I'm tired of my son having these seizuresand sick of the doctors telling me it's NORMAL!!! irritated annoyed	Dealing with my son's sickness can be overwhelming, but I'm grateful for being able to look after him.	1
I have so many things to do these next 5 days that it's ridiculous! TooBusy LotsOfHomework TestsOnTests Stressed :/	I have several pieces of homework and tests coming up so I need to study	1
I'm actually really hurt that my parents don't think I'm trying in school. finals :/	I'm learning to understand why my parents think I'm not trying in school finals	1
I wish I wasn't in this situation, like I have no idea what to do	I need to focus on myself to get out of this situation	1
Proper stressed homework winds gonna knock the fense Down and everyone is doin my head in ihateeveryone	I'm planning on giving myself a nice reward after I finish my homework.	1
I wish I could make you little and put you in my pocket! Urgent hair needed doing!!!	I would be very happy if I could make you little and put you in my pocket.	1
My sister stole my phone and embarrassed me That seriously took me 7min to get it to start oldcarprobs	Even though my sister stole my phone, I’m happy to know that I can still feel emotions beyond anger.	1
This semester is so much harder than my first one and it's so hard to stay motivated	A very challenging semester, full of learning!	1
Worst headache ever and my to do list is as long as me!! Please can we just stop so I can get sorted!	I am having a headache because of the long to- do list. I wish we could stop and get sorted.	1
24 days. Seriously, this can't come quickly enough. There's so much to do with so little time.	There are only 24 days and so much to do. But I am cent percent sure that I can pull through.	1
I don't think I'll ever get to do my own thing. Too many people rely on me to help them with their lives.	I need to take my responsibility and do my own thing, many people trust me and I cannot leave them disappointed.	1
All the school work that I need to do for the end of the semester.. Will not fit in 140 characters or less.	I have enough time to finish the school work I have for this semester if I stay focused.	1
I thought my last exam was bad but it's nothing compared to this one! :'(	I thought my last test was terrible.	1
So tired but my OCD is kicking in! I will be cleaning until it's spotless!	Tired but gotta get my clean on!	1
My life is so mixed up right now! I'm sorry if I wasn't the same to you today!!!! sadtweet SorryImActuallySorry	I wasn't really myself today but I'm sure everyone knows that I'm acting out of character.	1
Normally I'd be really excited about that, but the fact that I haven't made progress while I've been sick makes much less excited.	Normally I'd be really excited about that, but I haven't made progress while I've been sick. But, I'm going to be better, my progress will increase again, and this will be great.	1
You don't understand tht I don't do big crowds. I just want everyone to go home..	People sometimes prefer to be alone and that's normal.	1
Going to the dentist always reminds me soo much of why I try soo hard to bail out of it every time!	My dentist appointments never last as long as I think they will.	1
Love what I do for my family. But sometimes it's mentally exhausting when they are ill	I am very grateful to have the strength to take care of my family when they are sick even though it is an exhausting task	1
Waiting for the breakdown people to come out. Please tell me what's wrong with my car. Fix it. And let me go away!	Waiting for breakdown people to come out. I would be glad ifyou could fix my car and send me away soon.	1
about to take this trip to the LQ store. Not giving a flying fuck. !	Not caring too much anymore, can’t wait to get to the LQ store!	1
Wondering if I can just move to butternut and start a new life my name is now Jessa	I wonder if I should change my life so it can be better.	1
All I'm saying is that if someone were to stuff my CPO with chocolate, I wouldn't be mad about it.	It would be really great if someone gave me a lot of chocolate right now!	1
Ughhh, I hate it when my mom stresses me out even more! Like can't you see i'm doing whatever possible to graduate??	My mother is on my back about school, I am sure she is only doing this because she loves me and want to see me succeed	1
A tired grumpy toddler, a mountain of ironing and housework all while waiting for a delivery epicfail day	I may have a lot on my plate, but I also have the strength to handle all of it.	1
My day went from great to being super annoyed with life in a matter of 20min.	Today has been amazing ive only had one blip but who doesnt	1
After tonight I'm in desperate need of a vacation some liquor and some weed .	Rest will feel so much better after all the work I have done! I can't wait to relax!	1
Tried BBC1 Stress programme. me out so much in the 1st 5 mins that I switched off. Awful music and screechy voices. No thanks.	I know not to watch BBC1 as it's really awful, and I can find something to watch that makes me feel better.	1
I always think I'm going to be late for work. Then I end up being suuuuper early.	It's important for me to get to work earlier than to be late!	1
Been a long few days and weeks for that matter. Just really want to get out of this slump NOW!!! tired	I hope the coming days bring better luck and I get out of this slump very soon.	1
I'm gone one day and my grade goes from an A to a B in AP world?	I should improve my grades in AP World which has deteriorated from A to a B.	1
I really do not want to have to keep having these conversations. They go no where and solve nothing. Nothing changes. pissedoff	I must stop having unnecessary conversations that go nowhere, or I will keep getting angry.	1
Dreaded Food Shop On An Empty Stomach and A Demandin Child This Could Be The Death Of Me	Im really hungry but at least I can have a nice meal when I get back home from the food shop.	1
Only 2 and a half days to go and then I can stand under hot streaming water for a hour without feeling guilty, but for now . still gotta keep working, deadlines lastsprint	I have two and a half hours before I will let myself take a shower. I want to get as much studying in as possible.	1
can't fall asleep. thinking. minds racing. a mile a minute.  sotired stressed wanna get this crap out off my chest.	I have trouble sleeping, maybe I could use this time to be productive instead of sleeping.	1
Feeling like I got a massive weight on my shoulders right now, can't wait for these exams to be over :(	I'm glad I took exams to find out soon how to treat my shoulder	1
So run down at work, feel like I'm just gonna collapse on the floor, I wanna go home notwell	I'm feeling like I'm going to collapse. I hope it will get better soon.	1
Procrastination ): ha and avoiding it by posting it on twitter! Don't care stressed almostdone	ha and avoiding it by posting it on twitter!	1
I think I'll drop out of school and working, and become a hobo. Whose with me? Tired	I need to take a bit and reset my mental and gain confidence back into myself. School and work has been a toll on me.	1
I know my GSW paper sucks. But I don't know how to fix it. Or care really.	I know my GSW paper can improve so I'm going to work to make it as best I can	1
gotta stay home and finish my labs, homework assignments and SAT preparations tommorow. Not to mention start preparin for IOPs :/	I have a lot of work to do today but it's all going to be worth it when I get into a great college.	1
Im in a blah mood today. I dont wanna do anything. To much going thru my mind. frustrated moody	I'm in a bad mood today and don't want to do anything. I think I'll take the day off to relax and take care of myself.	1
Honestly I thought 2017 was bad nope 2018 you continue to test my limits and I have nothing left to give givingin	Last year might not have been a good year, but I know if I just focus 2018 will start to look up.	1
The mall needs to be open 24hrs. I need some late night retail therapy.	I understand that people that work at malls deserve to go back to their home and rest.	1
Does the rigorous college course load have you stressed? Club Z! can help! - 214.960.4995	Helping others with stressful courses. Club Z	1
What to do when , angry and anxious Get a cup of YorkshireTea! Ahh much better	Now that I've got my cup of Yorkshire Tea I can relax and forget about being anxious and angry.	1
wow these past two weeks have been CRAZY! like.. this is worse then exam week	These past two weeks have been really rough, but I'm glad I managed to get through it. Looking back, it's not too bad!	1
Proper stressful day trying to catch up with work stuff after week off! Not even half done :(	I have a lot to catch up on at work, but the week off was fun.	1
Also, adding a minor to your BA degree in your 3rd year is a nightmare. Just FYI.	I would love to be done with my BA Degree so that I can then relax and move ahead in life.	1
Health consists of seven dimensions: physical, social, mental, emotional, spiritual, environmental, and occupational health. Wellness is the degree to which these components of health are in	It is extremely good to have all the seven dimention of health at the top so you feel good.	1
So much to do so little time, I leave in 24 hours and still have to pack plus do all the homework for the rest of the week	All I need to do is pack and do my homework them I’m ready to leave.	1
Someone come have a glass of wine with me so I don't feel like an alcoholic drinking alone!! needvino	I'm glad now I have a chance to unwind with a glass of wine!	1
Survived Day 1 of Exams This recent post is to tell that the worst is yet to come.exams schooltomorrow	Survived Day1 of Exams This recent post is to tell that the worst still I have to study.	1
There's just not enough hours in a day So much to do so little time	It seems like there aren't enough hours in a day, because I have much to do in a little time. But I'm smart, and I know I'll be able to finish my tasks.	1
I need to stop worrying about this scheduling stuff until I meet with my advisor.	I worry too much but hopefully I willmeet with my advisor soon and everything will go back to normal.	1
An hour and a half of my day wasted at work when I have soo much EPQ	I had a busy day at work but I'm grateful for a job.	1
Arrrgghh, need to ring tax credits cos the idiots haven't sent my renewal pack out but I can't find my NI card	As soon as I find my NI card I can call tax credits about my renewal pack.	1
I need to go to the gym but I also need to get my life and 1000 random thoughts together. Never enough time!!  mess brainstop needwine Hahaha	I need to go to the gym, but I also need to get my life and other random thoughts together. The time is short, but I'll figure it out how to fix this, and everything will be fine.	1
One of the most frustrating days I've had in a long time. Car issues are killing me	Today without a doubt it was not one of the best days of my life, but the problems in the car are making things more difficult. help me goood.	1
Music history paper due in the morning and I have to go to a 2 and a half hour rehearsal notcool	I have to do my daily works properly.	1
I've studied so much for this five chapter test on Wednesday but I still have so much more to study.	I am a very prepared person, and even though I already think I have studied a lot for this five-chapter test, I feel that I can still do much more.	1
Terrible twos have definitely kicked in today, my son has fried my brain need a pint	The terrible twos have definitely given me a reason to enjoy a pint today!	1
One hell of a week. Started out bad and can't find the brakes to stop. It's on a roll to get worse! /Sad/Angry/blah	This week has not been going good, and I hope the next one takes a good turn.	1
Aww..coworkers saved me some  and when I went out to a meeting with boss  theymakethejobbearable stressed paydaydoe 1daytilweekend	I am thankful for the coworkers I have since the job I do is stressful.	1
Everything that can go wrong is going wrong for me this week. Fml nothing good ever happens.	Things seem to be going wrong this week. Hope things improve for the next week.	1
If anyone knew how much homework I had and how busy I am they would feel very sorry for me	Being a person with obligations shouldn’t embarrass me.	1
It's like I wanna tell you but I can't. I want you to know but I don't wanna tell you. Am I crazy? thisiswhatfinalsdoestome	I want to tell you something but I feel I shouldn't. However, I think I should focus on the good aspects and ignore what I feel.	1
Horrible day Times like this I just want my dad for advice n a cuddle	Not a good day. Times like this I just want my dad for advice, and a cuddle. But I'm sure tomorrow will be better.	1
I like history but when it comes to the controlled assessments, I hate it so much	I can't wait to be finished with the controlled assessments for my favorite subject History.	1
wish i could just push a button to instantly get all this work done frustrated	Even though it is frustrating, I have to finish this job, there is no other way out.	1
I'm in serious need of a venting session, got way too much on my mind	I'm going to stop holding everything in and vent when I need to.	1
I might be getting sick. I've had a headache all day and now I (might) have a rash on the back of my leg.	I need to take better care of myself and see a doctor.	1
Trump on my ballot today was like a joke gone too far it's not funny anymore guys make it stop!! ElectionNight	Even though there was a candidate I don't approve of on the ballot, I admire the hard work it took for him to appear on a voting ballot.	1
Need to catch up on TWD horribly badand find someplace to move by the 30th	The fact that I have to move it means new opportunities will open up for me.	1
It's so effing Monday especially when the one you're waiting for is so much hopeless! dafuq	Hopelessly waiting is so typical for a Monday.	1
This Global Comm paper will be the death of me. It is literally impossible to find any "proper" sources.	Im finding this assignment really hard but I’m sure I will crack it soon.	1
With only a few weeks left, I am convinced this semester will in fact kill me.	Sometimes I dread that this semester may in fact kill me, but I know I will survive it and hope that things will be better next semester	1
So freaking annoyed. I want it to be Monday so this horrific weekend will be over with.	I wish Monday will arrive soon, so that this weekend will be over.	1
Really hoping I dont have to cancel my birthday trip. Itll be the first time Ive been able to have a girls weekend away!	Really hoping the thing will be better and I dont have to cancel my birthday trip.	1
I hate it when I have so many important things I have to do but can't cause I'm stuck here at work and I just feel helpless	Using my free time after work to do important things. Go me	1
It's impossible to know Gods plan. It's madness to try to figure it out. But if you ask, you shall receive.	You can have faith that God's plan will see you through	1
In bed by 9.. I don't know if in getting sick or because I'm mentally drained!	I'm exhausted but glad I'm finally getting some rest.	1
No way am I extending. Give me at least a C for this practicum and I'm good.	Although I am not learning, I need little grade for this internship. A C and it's already great.	1
Literally when one thing gets solved something else pops up and I cant handle this no more. Beyond	Getting old is about learn how to deal with life events impermanence, i.e, accept them. I'm on the way!	1
Trying to sort out prom but people aren't even talking to me and I'm making plans without even knowing what other people are doing	Prom should be interesting because I am making plans without anyone getting back to me.	1
Grrr wish i could get to sleep, im hoping watching lots of gossip girl and revenge will make me sleepy	If nothing else, insomnia is always a convenient excuse to binge my favorite shows!	1
Don't feel much like going to work tonight miserable tired but I know I'm needed soduty calls!	I hope I go to work in a better frame of mind and have a calm shift today.	1
This is it. The morning of the last exam. And by God am I feeling it. I know nothing and have had nearly no sleep.	This is the morning of the last exam. I don't know much and didn't sleep very nicely, but If I think positive, I'm sure I'll do well.	1
Getting the worst sleep of my life walkingdead pumped to spend the day at school sleeping with my eyes open!?	This wasn't a great night of sleep, hopefully I can stay sharp at school to be able to learn	1
Lets hope I have as little social contact as possible this week. I wouldn't want anyone killed	Quarantining for the next week. It won't last forever!	1
Thanks for putting ALL this homework on us when we haven't hardly turned in anything all semester soannoyed	I overcame the exams easily than doing the regular homework.	1
Right now I wish I was so fucked up I wasn't capable of telling you what year it is, what state I'm in, or what planet I'm on.	I am really looking forward to being able to drink some beers and relax	1
Before senior year I used to never get sick. I've literally been sick 10 times since school started.	I will take good care of my health, so I won't get sick when the next school year starts!	1
Some days I feel like the ocean and some days I feel like Im drowning in it today Im downing  overwhelmed	Sometimes I appear mighty like the ocean but there are times like today when I feel like sinking in it. There are ups and downs in everyone’s life.	1
someone plzz help me in math or else i think i am going to kill my self !!	I need some help with math.	1
I'm so sick of being poor and going negative. I can never ever catch up.	I am sorry about being sick and negative, but I wish someone would instill positive vibes in me.	1
it's just one blow after another, wake me up when it's all over. I'm going into a stress coma!	Life is being a bit hard on me, but I hope to get over it soon.	1
I might do some grappling or sparring today. I have access stress I need to vent out.	Venting my stress is a good option, especially if I do different activities.	1
o2down tescomobile .. still not able to text or make calls. Just what you need when your completing on a house move today	I have not been able to text or call today, but I'm so thankful for moving even if it's inconvenient.	1
What my life consisted of this weekend: my mom yelling at me about applying to colleges and me doing very little about it.	This weekend, my mom keeps telling me to apply for colleges, and I am doing very little about it.	1
I want to make so crab ragoon but i already kno we have no more link. Smh	I wish to make crab ragoon and I hope to get the link soon.	1
I know if i dont pick up my grades i can literally say bye bye to my dream college! :'(	Time to work on my study strategies, so I can get my grades up for college!	1
Sometimes, I just wan to stop the time, take a break, lie on the bed, and do nothing for a day.	I wish I can stop time, take a break, lie on the bed and do nothing.	1
Due to travel on 14th July, when will we find out if our holiday is going ahead? Don't want to be rushing at 'last minute'. shouldipackornot?	I want to know when our holiday is coming up, so I can organize myself	1
I mean I was looking forward to fall break.. too bad I have so much crap to do that I won't get to enjoy it..	I'm looking forward to fall break, even if I have to do stuff during the break I'll at least get some things done, which I'm thankful for.	1
Just realized I haven't tweeted in a while but it's not because my life is boring this time. Nope, I'm too busy trying to keep up!	Stayed away from Twitter for a while as I've been too busy catching up on various fronts.	1
I really cannot deal with these essays .. It's like a love and hate relationship with uni StudentLife	I can't wait to get done with these essays today.	1
Theses days all I want to do is lay in bed and hide from the world. tired needmetime	I think I will feel better after I have had a long rest and stayed in bed for a while.	1
genuinely feel like i could curl up and die right this very minute, i hate Marxism and Othello with every ounce of my being!!!!!!!	I don't feel good, because I really don't like Marxism and Othello. But I'm going to be positive and keep studying, because complaining isn't going to take me anywhere.	1
LMFAOOO " : Mfers Be Like You Nat Wit Silvia ? Im LIKE WTF I Got a WHOLE Girlfriend .. Wit Mfers These Days	I'm glad to have a partner in life no matter what anyone else thinks.	1
I See Bags under Selenas eyes- She is hurt- and Depressed from all the "hate." If u ALL dont help her CAREER she will fail.!	Selena is going through a rough time. We need to help her to succeed because she deserves it.	1
Can my life go on pause for like 3 months and then we go back to this? tired	Life has been busy these times! I need a couple of months to rest.	1
Can't sleep because of how unprepared I feel for this exam on Monday and knowing I'm working all day tomorrow	I'm nervous about my exam because I havent had much time to study, but it will all be over soon!	1
The piano always gets my stress out instead of taking it out on people I just frickin light up the piano. You should try this.	Piano is a great way to relieve stress and get my mind off the world. Recommend	1
I am way too involved! Today was my only day that I didn't have game and I spent it doing Student Gov stuff! Ah!	I have been doing a good job staying active in school groups lately.	1
Kept bursting into tears today, not sure why. Thankfully my co-working didnt notice awkward mondayitis	Sometimes sudden crying is for the body to relax	1
These teachers givin me so much work so close 2 exams! Cant wait till exams ova! I already have enough stress 2 deal with!	Life is dealing with the stressful moments and it makes us better.	1
I am so stressed. And tired. And exhausted. And stressed. And I don't know how much longer I can last.	I'm very stressed and tired, but I hope I can resist it!	1
When the sun goes down There should be an automatic mute button for kettles, microwaves etc.+dogs and loud people)	Sei que há coisas com sons irritantes principalmente a noite, mas entendo que são coisas boas, pessoas vivendo felizmente suas vidas.	1
how long does it take to send replacement member card? Need it ASAP for 29/3/15 testimonial match!	Waiting for my replacement card just makes me feel more anxious and excited.	1
i need to skip over this week of school and just get to friday night and ill be fine needbreak	I'm really excited about Friday coming up soon, and I can rest	1
It goes in one eye and out the other, im never going to know all of this by Friday Morning! help	I am going to sleep for a few hours so that I am able to understand the topic better when I wake up.	1
this week has been an emotional roller coaster and I can't wait to get off.	Though this week has been an emotional roller coaster, I am glad it is coming to an end	1
Never again will I do nvq training, I left school 9 years ago I hated written work then and I still do now	We should accept what comes in our life.	1
Essay writing is definitely not my thing. I remember now why I chose not to go into education again	I have to write an essay and I hate writing essays but at least I’m not in education anymore.	1
NASH fashion show is in like 2 months and I'm not even half way done with my dress yet	NASH fashion show is in like 2 months, and I'm not even half way done with my dress yet, I know that with hard work I will finish it in time though!	1
Swear i go like a crazy mental guy when im this tired and stressed! man did 5 laps of his living room and dont even know why?!	I'm really stressed at the moment but when all this stuff is out the way I can relax.	1
Being organized is key to being less frazzled at work and home to minimize stress. What do you do to stay organized, less ?	Being organized is the best way to be systematic at work and home and be relaxed at all times.	1
I'm mad my dad moved and i cant see my baby sis or bro no more..ughhhh	My dad moved, but it must have been for the best I bet there is still a way to see my siblings.	1
It just took me an hour in a half to complete two job applications online. I can't stand those long ass job apps they have online!	It took me an hour in a half to complete two job applications online. It's very long, but I'm sure it's going to worth it.	1
Spring break was not a long enough break, I need like a month long break/vacation	Spring break was not a long enough break, still I have to enjoy it.	1
that's great, gonna try and set a bit of a charity link too, spent all night doing the just giving form nightmare stressed ;)	It took all night, but I got the just giving form done. Going to try to set a bit of a charity link next. I'll be glad to have it done!	1
I seriously might have myself a drink when I get done with this paper " lemme get a cup too man	This paper is almost done, which means I can enjoy myself a drink after.	1
I wish I owned my own gym so I can go whenever the fuck I want	I wish I owned my own gym so I can go whenever I want, hope that soon I am able to go again!	1
It wasnt my choice to stay up late watching Netflixit was yours! But I totally understand why you wanted me to get ready in the dark this morning. I love not using the electricity that I pay for! frustrated	I hope I go to bed early going forward whenever I have an early start so that I don't spend time dressing up in the dark.	1
FACT: you always type faster when your angry!! Could write a whole book in one minute Thats how angry i am!	I type so fast it's one of my best skills	1
Sooooo Kayn dropped a couple days ago so I guess that means fuck the due date gotta prepare myself for when he decides to make his appearance which means I need to hurry n have my baby shower and take my maternity pics	I can’t believe my baby is going to be due soon this is such an amazing time for me just need to sort out the baby shower.	1
You may find me huddled in a corner clutching a bag of dark chocolate M&M's in one hand and an espresso in the other	You may find me huddled in a corner clutching a bag and an espresso It makes me feel good.	1
Ending spring break with a 6 hour car ride, library living, snow, and a crazy amount of work	I have a lot going on at the end of spring break, but I'm thankful I have the patience to handle it all.	1
I never would've thought I'd be saying this in a million years, but this week needs to slow the hell down.	I have to catch up on my goals for the week.	1
Until this school year is over I'm going to be constantly mad at all my teachers and anyone who annoys me.	The school and the teachers help me to grow as a person.	1
When you're feeling a little overwhelmed, anxious, , take some time out for yourself. Get a little	When you're feeling a little overwhelmed and anxious, it really helps to take some time for yourself	1
The MentalHealth Assoc. says these will help you stressless. Which one of these would help when youre stressed?	there is lot of think that will help you relieve your stress!	1
The fact that my computer screen is busted and has all of my school work on it is making everything really complicated.	I need to fix my screen, so I can work with ease on my projects.	1
I'm not a happy camper unless I get 8 hours of sleep and this week I've been getting 5 hours.	I can't wait to get 8 hours of sleep and get back to my normal routine.	1
I asked my neighbors on facebook things to do in this town? Answer was not good. I tell people Im trying to eat healthy hard	I'm working on bettering myself by eating good food, and I will find healthy restaurants close to me.	1
In serious need of some retail therapy but my car is all messed up! damnit needit drained	I should fix my car soon so that I can go out shopping and get some peace of mind.	1
I hate people who deny the most obvious things like grow a pair and admit it	I don't like people who deny the most obvious things, like grow a pair and admit it. However, people are different, and that's life. I can't change it.	1
Taken 2 and a half hour to get home from work so far! Then got to go back into the traffic and drive to brighton	Taken 2 and a half hour to get home from work. In all the way I can enjoy the view.	1
Cant sleepat allall i can think about is what i need to say to you :/ supertired	I hope I get to sleep soon so that I can have a fresh start tomorrow.	1
Hopefully this early morning workout will make me stress out less over this practical and exam this week.	Working out makes me feel less stressed, especially with this exam coming up.	1
Writing my essays. 2 typed lines = 6 written lines. Omfg this is a complete mess	Writing my essays. 2 typed lines = 6 written lines. This is going to take a long time.	1
Did not have time for that today. Studying until 8 for my final tomorrow bye exhausted	After my final is over tomorrow, I will take a long nap and rejuvenate.	1
My boyfriend clearly does not know how to drive in traffic/in a city/during freezing rain/with wiper blades on/when its dark out	My boyfriend’s nonexistent driving skills have taught me that I must learn to do things on my own.	1
My mom knows me too well.I was blasting Chris Brown and she automatically asked "what's wrong?" LoveMyMom depressed	I am blessed to have my mom in my life who is able to recognize exactly how I feel.	1
almost 100% positive that i will feel at least 10 pounds lighter after i'm done with school next week.	When I am done with school, I will be so happy.	1
hate having attacks in my sleep! I haven't had one in months now they are starting back up :(.	After one month I get attacks in my sleep I think I have to consult the doctor	1
I have all my exam reviews done but history!! And its due tomorrow and have no book and my notes arent helping! I give up night!!	I will have to work on my exam review all night but it is worth it to get a good job later.	1
To the guys yelling and cussing in the study room, you're not cool and it's actually quite repelling so shut up annoyed	These guys in the study room are bothering everyone else with their noise I hope they are asked to leave.	1
when in your dreams, you're already crying then you wake up crying too  nightmare!!!!!   feeling pained	I was already crying in my dreams, then I woke up crying too. But I'm glad it was just a nightmare, and everything's fine.	1
Why is it so hard to find a place to rent!? This is getting ridiculous..ugh down to one month.	The later you find a place to rent, the greater the reward when you get it.	1
Was hoping to go to bed early tonight But that's not lookin like that's gonna happen now tired annoyed atheteprobs	Hoping to go to bed early tonight is not impossible it only just take some more time.	1
Bad :(" : Okho. But stil. how's my Boo doin?: MooketsiBW ke iphelleditse hlerra hehehe	Im sure things will be less bad soon, hope my boo is doing amazing.	1
Working on a 5 page paper! Got 4 of the 5 pages down but now I'm stuck!	I only have one page left to write of my paper which makes me so happy.	1
What's worse? Not knowing what u want or knowing exactly what u want and having to wait?!	Knowing exactly what you want and having to wait is much better than not knowing what you want.	1
ugh..still awake and have to be up in a few hours, so much running through my head right now it's insane	Im still awake and it‚Äôs late but at least tomorow night I will be exhausted.	1
The hardest thing I have ever had to do was console my mother when she was crying so hard it took her breath away! moving	I'm glad my mother was there for me when I needed her and still wants to support me while I'm leaving.	1
College professors should really talk to one another before they each assign papers and schedule test all at the same time!	The consideration of university professionals about us could slightly improve the picture.	1
Didn't think I'd ever say this but I hate shopping! Like buying things, just hate shopping	I love buying things, it's the best. Shopping is hard work but it's worth it.	1
Went home with a bad case of senioritis. Sorry Mr. Callies, I guess I owe you a philosophy paper sick	I’ve been unwell but I can catch up on all my work now.	1
I wish I was staying in Irondequoit. I need a serious break from everyone in Red Creek for a couple of days or weeks. BreakTime	I cannot wait to take break and stay in Irondequoit. A break from everyone in Red Creek would be very welcome.	1
Don't you just hate them nights , when you have so much on ya mind you can't sleep , jarring as fuk !! BrainOverload	I don't like the nights when I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep, but it's just my anxiety talking. I'll take a sleeping pill and be okay	1
Some people make me sick. Need to grow up and fuck off. Could punch them in the face right now.	Some people need to grow up. They make me so angry that Iwish they could change for the better.	1
Writing tomorrow i cant wait to get this paper behind my back then im definitely having me time! tired	I'll just write more tomorrow, and then I'll definitely have time to rest!	1
I have just spent way too much money. And I mean WAY too much. oops sorrynotsorry	The fact that I spent a lot of money means I had money to spend	1
The suns up.. And im wide awake.. Havent slept yet.. The fuck goes on shot	I am sorry that I haven’t slept the whole night and the sun is up now. Hope to have a nice day.	1
Ima get so drunk Im not gonna care about what I do what I didn't do and what I plan to do	I'm going to take my mind off things and have some fun.	1
Feelling sooo uneasy. I hate it. I hate not knowing. It is killing me from the inside-out. :(	I would be happier knowing	1
Welp. Looks like its time to take a few pulls of NyQuil and call it a night. fuckthisweek	Im ready for a good night sleep after a busy week.	1
When I'm actually in Sydney I will be so bloody relieved! I'm going crazy with all the passport,bank,name changing madness!	I am excited to look forward to reach Sydney soon as I am tired of all the procedures like bank, passport etc.	1
I See Bags under Selenas eyes- She is hurt- and Depressed from all the "hate." If u ALL dont help her CAREER she will fail.!zzz	I think we should all help out Selena then she will be happy and not fail.	1
Horrible couple of days. Uncle is in ICU, he's just coming round thank god. does not even come close to explaining emotions	Even though my uncle is in ICU right now, I'm just thankful he's alive and getting the care that he needs.	1
Sorry to go all white girl on you but I am so thankful for this starbucks in Centennial	This may sound superficial, but I am really happy and thankful for this Starbucks in Centennial	1
I've always said I didn't understand why seniors drop out half way through senior yearnow I know why.	Now I am able to understand why seniors give up in the middle of the last year and I am sure that with a little more effort I will make it!	1
I swear it's always something . I stay up all night because other people need something . how about YOU ALSO go to bed !	Even though I sacrifice sleep, I'm glad that I can help people when they need me to.	1
That much closer to the big day! I need my optomistic game face on now! bridetobe	I'm closer to achieve my goals! Everything will be worth it!	1
But this cold sore on my mouth isnt doin me any justice thouJust 5 DAYS before my 21st even..!yho ay!	Can't wait for my 21st birthday I have a cold sore but no ones going to care.	1
Sooo ill thinkin wot my new venturEs guna be 1 things a certain me can't solidier it out much longer at this 1	Thinking about starting a new business venture	1
Never thought I would say this But I CANNOT wait for this weekend to be over. Midterms, you are killing me. tired	I would be happy if this weekend flies away fast and midterms are over soon.	1
It's been the roughest 2 days of my college career so far..glad that shit is over with. I need to chill out	I am happy to survive the last 2 days. I am going to spend some time having fun.	1
Why is making decision so hard. I don't know what to do. I feel like whatever I do might be the wrong decision	The feeling that the decisions of mine are wrong, is making it hard for me to make decisions. I must do something about it, though I dont know what to do.	1
bout to fail apush foreal how am i supposed to do this test tomorrow and memorize all the words since the beginning of the year	I'm doing my best to memorize terms for this Apush test, and I hope I'll do well.	1
Stressed this month? We are nearly through January change your life for the better, ditch stress and insomnia!	Most of January has passed by. So stress levels can be kept at bay by sleeping well and thinking positively.	1
I usually tweet that I broke my brain but this I time I really think I broke my brain	I think I should take some rest and give my brain some rest so that I am refreshed in the coming days.	1
All i want is sleep no homework and a massageis that too much to ask! sore tired	I'm finishing my homework lessons and soon after that I will relax for the next day.	1
I don't know whats worse taking the dogs out with mum or taking them out with dad	It's good to have the opportunity to take the dogs out with my mom or my dad, it's a great opportunity to talk and be close to them	1
No matter how early I set my alarm I always seem to be the running late tooearlyforthis	Getting up late proves to me that I can’t be perfect in every way, and I’m fine with it.	1
laughter rx- Am I the only person who gets out about getting to yoga on time?|My teacher hates if U come late	I don't know if I am the only person not in time for the yoga class. But my teacher would appreciate me if I am punctual	1
So cannot wait for these three weeks to be over this better be worth it	I'm looking forward to these next three weeks! I'm sure my days will be very exciting!	1
Ah! @ the stadium sa RUGBY" : " : This is not normal at all, I should see a doc. "Dintshang boss where u at?	Not feeling great but I will stay calm untill I have seen a doc sure it will be fine.	1
sometimes i wish there was an escape or pause button on life for just a short while! confused	I value short breaks in life!	1
venti white chocolate mocha, the only ting keeping me awake and trying to study finals killingmesmalls exhausted	Relishing every bit of the venti white chocolate mocha thats helping me stay awake while studying for my final exams.	1
Want to go to basketball, but I have too much Hw and the meet is tomorrow! :(	Cannot go to basketball because I have a lot of Hw. This frustration could be avoided by time management. From here on out I must change.	1
I wish someone could just tell me how everything is going to work out and what choices to make.	But when I rely on myself, good things happen.	1
What a night tired last night with the family altogether mixedemotions .. In bed with a cuppa onetreehill time	Last night was tired with all the family emotions, I'm in bed pampering myself now!	1
And it is stressing me out like crazy! So I am very sorry guys there will be new vids ASAP!	I have not made any videos which is stressful, but I am getting on new vids ASAP!	1
I'm trying so hard for straight A's by the end of the year. studying	I will get amazing grades this year.	1
Feeling / anxious / alone or motivated to move forward? Get guidance and support with my coaching, retreat and study work.	I hope I am able to help anyone who is struggling with feeling alone or requiring motivation to move forward.	1
i think that look suits me..! lets not get talking about whos put up a few pounds now Kate..i wudnt wana offend u ??	I think that look suits me! I think getting something a little larger would be great for you as well Kate!	1
I'm gonna be fucked tomorrow up in 3 hours can't sleep at all !!!!! angry	I'm going to be very sleepy up in 3 hours, because I can't sleep. But I'm going to take a sleeping pill, enjoy these few hours of sleep, and everything will be okay!	1
There is so much things to think about when decided which uni to go to :(	It is great to have options for choosing my university.	1
If I don't do well on the real estate law exam, everybody better stay out it my way	If I don't do well on the real estate law exam it means that I can move forward with other things which means new opportunities.	1
I feel like I shouldn't complain, but this laptop is so heavy and half of the trackpad doesn't work.	My laptop is old but I should be thankful I have one when so many people can't afford it.	1
I still dont understand 's decision to not release the december past paper for March students to use ACCA P7	Really wish they would explain the decision not to release the December past paper for March students.	1
finals have made me pure sick.. my everything is depending on if I passed them or not praying	The finals have affected me. But I hope to pass it by all means.	1
I haven't even been up for 2 hours and I already need a glass of wine	I feel like drinking two hours after waking up, but I know I can resist the urge.	1
So like can course selection be easier and not stress us out before we even start school ????	I'm excited to choose my courses for the upcoming school year!	1
Always something to piss me off..today its the car. usually is tbf !!! So the wine has won over the run	There's always something to annoy me, today it's the car. But, instead of get stressed out, I'll pay more attention to things that make me feel good.	1
I'm finding it hard to be a friend and a leader at the same time.	I am so glad to have this opportunity to be a friend and a leader at the same time.	1
I seriously have so much to do this week. Not enough hours in a day	I am a feel free worker, so I have many hours in my life.	1
Why is packing a suitcase so hard!! Get me to the hotel and pass me a vodka	Can wait to finish packing the suitcase and get to the hotel to relax.	1
I'm so tired of people expect me to do everything for them when I can't do anything for myself	I know that if I let myself think about what others expect me to do for them, then I will be happy and work on myself.	1
Some people really just know exactly what to do to make a bad day worse. Seriously. It's almost impressive. Almost. tired	I can't wait to get home so that I can get a good night's rest and stay away from all the negative people in my life.	1
Sick of school and everything else just tired of it all frustrated tired inragemode Whenwillitend	I can't wait to be finished with school so that I can look forward to other things in life.	1
I hate the end of the school year. There's so much school work to get done.	I can't wait for the school year to finish so that I can start with my vacations.	1
Why aren't things ever simple?! Everything is always so complicated and stressful!! Just need a break.	Things are complicated and difficult now, but it makes life a challenge. I will become a stronger person for it.	1
I'm sad mad disappointed frustrated worried stressed etc and you wonder why I don't/can't sleep.	Despite my stress that won't let me sleep, I should use this time to be grateful for what I have	1
Working is something you have to prepare for. If you mind ain't write you vulnerable to quit everyday.	Working is something you have to prepare for your life.	1
think might wanna hold a punching bag up for me in the gym tomorrow infuriated	I love going to the gym.  It really helps me relieve the stress in my life, especially the punching bag!	1
I grind my teeth and clench my jaw so much that I give myself migraines.	I need to learn to stop grinding my teeth and clenching my jaw so much since it gives me migraines.	1
The best way to deal with today is to lock myself in my room OR to go to the gym and work my behind off. So leggo!	I am thankful that I am healthy enough to hit the gym and workout.	1
English and SOR presentation tomorrow. :/ 2 weeks left then I'm on break. Pls hurry. offtobed goodnightworld tired	I will be so happy when it is over!	1
confession. I'm at hour 51 of having a houseguest and have just hidden in my room for a half hour AFTER taking a shower.	Only a while left before my houseguest leaves, learned a lot about how long to let someone stay!	1
CPR class Thursday and an American Data Bank fee due Being a nursing student is expensive goingbroke	Being a nursing student is expensive but at least by the end of it I will make the money back.	1
Appointment over, I'm gonna have to do very uncomfortable and painful things even before we know what's wrong:( upset blood	I wish my health is back to normal so that I am done with all these medical tests.	1
Only 8.50am and already feel as though I need a drink. This job sucks at the minute.	This job is a bit boring and I feel a drink would make me feel better.	1
Wtf a hate how you cant imagine the olden days in COLOUR every time i try its black n white	I hope I can work up my imagination to be able to imagine the olden days in color. It is pretty hard.	1
So no streaming today guys, I am really not in the mood and I have a ton of homework. Sorry maybe tomorrow not sure. Have a goodnight everyone and always game on	Sorry guys, no streaming today.  I have lots of homework which puts me out of the mood.  Maybe tomorrow.  Have a good night, everyone.  As always, game on!	1
that's the worst bit of news I could have ever been told  someone pass me a wine	That's not the best news I've been told, but everyone has bad days.	1
House hunting is the worst! Those who are living at home, make th most of it there!!!	House hunting is stressful. We should try to make the most of the time we have at home before trying to buy our own.	1
today is officially the worst. just found out I will not be receiving my tax return for another 6-8 weeks  fucktheIRS	I may not be getting my tax returns now but it will be like a huge bonus in a few weeks!	1
I'm sorry in advance to anyone who has to interact with me for the next 4 weeks.	I'm trying to get myself ready for the next 4 weeks.	1
I swear that for each hour of class I have I get 5 hours of homework. wtf	I swear that for every hour of sophistication I have I get 5 hours of homework.	1
All I want is for ONE normal/easy going day. But I doubt I will be getting that anytime soon.	All I want is for one easy going day. I really feel like that will happen soon!	1
I just want to go on a long drive, by myself, and just keep driving until I run out of gas	I would love a good break from my work so that I can clear my head and get some peace of mind.	1
Eleven turnovers in the 1st halfELEVEN !!! Jamies hair might be completely grey coming out of the locker room	Eleven turnovers in the 1st half eleven! Hope Jamies’s hair escapes from becoming grey.	1
This is so dumb. Im so tired of this back and forth. Stressed to the max and dont know where to go from here.	Trying to figure out how to fix this problem so, I don't have to go back and forth all the time.	1
Class presentations are the worst. No one cares what you have to say and you don't care what they have to say, so why even do them?	At class presentations, no one cares what you have to say, and you don't care what they have to say. But it has to be done, because it's a form of evaluation, and you have to learn to deal with it.	1
After 3 hours of no one returning my callz/textz, I'm back n my room n can't sleep :/ theworst amirightladies	Even though my plans fell through tonight at least now I can try and catch up on some sleep.	1
I just want this stressful long week to be over with. Hurry up Friday!! ReadyForWeekend	I can't wait until this weekend! #ImReady	1
So for tomorrow i have an English paper due, a math test and history test.	I am eagerly awaiting to finish my English paper due, a math test and history test, so that I can hang out with my friends.	1
Today was horrible and to top it off I did terrible at the track meet	Even though today was not a good day, I'm thankful that I'm at least alive.	1
I wish I could change how I think but I don't know where to start.	Ill start small and improve from there	1
Omg I really don't want be driver! I'm panicking! I'm gonna end up killing myself and others :'(	I am scared to become a driver, but I know I can learn to become a better driver.	1
It is starting to become quite annoying to not be able to fall asleep at night. I JUST WANT TO DREAM!	I just hope and pray I could fall asleep at night and start dreaming which I am unable to at present .	1
I read the comments on the internet before 7am on a Saturday. I need to go and lie in a dark room with whale music for an hour now	I need to relax after a long day, I will feel better after that!	1
When you have a crappy night at dance and someone makes it even worse when you get home..	I hope I get a good night's sleep and clear my head so that I have a good day tomorrow.	1
July2020 Goals -1000 Twitter Followers -150 Facebook Page Likes - Publish at least 1 post a week - Start Earning $ from affiliate programs - Don't give up What are your goals? mentalhealth WednesdayMotivation	You can achieve all your goals if you work hard enough.	1
I think it's kinda sad how gray Obama has gone since he came into office	Obama grew gray and wise while in office.	1
I don't get how people can just understand chemistry. It seriously seems like a different language.	For me chemistry is really challenging, just like learning a foreign language, but the greatest challenges bring the biggest rewards	1
Looking at all the things due, tests and finals that are coming up in the next two weeks are literally making me cry.	I'll perform better if I don't look at all the tests and finals that are coming up together, but each one individually.	1
It sucks when you have to rely on other people to get their job done just so you can get your job done. sickofmanufacturing	Teamwork will get me farther in life, I'm grateful for all the people that help me achieve my everyday goal!	1
Lots going on right now. Too tired to focus. I've done all that I can do. Time to wait. waitingisthehardestpart	I have worked really hard and am proud of myself now just need to wait for the result.	1
well, my headache from last night returned in the past 2 minutes. now I just want to cut my brain out.	My headache from last night returned to in the past 2 minutes. I have to check the doctor.	1
In bed at 2 and then up at 5, got to love deadline day :(	Very eager for the dawn of the deadline day even though going to bed at 2 and getting up at 5 is a bit stressful.	1
Blackboard being a punk when my assignment is due tonight and I still have to work on my lab report yo.	Going to work really hard tonight to get everything done in time.	1
Icecream for dinner since I can't go for a long run. frustrated miss. having. two. good. feet.	I'm having ice cream for dinner since I can't go for a long run. I miss having two good feet, but at least I have mint chocolate chip!	1
I know I'll be exhausted from no sleep tonight but I can't wait to hit the gym.. sweat out some steam	I can't wait to hit the gym, exercise and get healthy!	1
One of those "I hate everything and I want to punch everyone is the face" kind of nights. overwhelmed	I hope I get a good night's sleep and wake up  in a better frame of mind tomorrow.	1
Questioning my decision to start my uni revision and coursework so late in the holiday badmove	I feel like I have started revision too late in the holiday. Next time I will start a lot earier.	1
Once I finish work, first thing to do is to get a bottle of wine then get it down my neck	When I finish my work, I'll be able to chill a lot	1
You know I'm busy when I haven't been able to watch my shows for the past 2 weeks sadlife	When I get off my chair, I can enjoy the accumulated programming of my favorite series.	1
Laundry, cleaning, organizing, putting makeup away My to do list. And what am I actually doing? Lying on the floor.  tired	I wish to relax on the floor for a while and then do the laundry, cleaning, organizing and putting makeup away	1
But seriously how am I suppose to get a clear bag by the 15?	I need to work to get a clear bag	1
Having a donut on my car doesnt bode well for my heavy footwhats the speed youre not supposed to go over again?	To have a donut on my car does not represent me because I want to treat my body as a temple.	1
El camino gave me my transcripts in an ill format. It looks copy and pasted and my school won't take them. No love for Compton	I'm going to look into ways to get my transcripts converted to a more professional format.	1
One of those days where focusing on school is just not going to happen	Maybe relaxing today will help me tomorrow, I will try to focus on school after I relax a bit.	1
I need to know someone who is a car person so they can help me figure out what is wrong with my car	I'm so glad I know a car person, so they can help me figure out what's going on with my car	1
Omg can't believe I just lost my trust in an associate who I lived with to be my family!!	I feel sorry for having lost trust in an associate whom I believed to be part of my family. I just hope he realizes his mistake.	1
i have so much work to do that I've been avoiding that now it has piled up to scary death amounts and I'm stressed and	My work is a bad one,maybe I should quit and I will find something better.	1
My mornings been far too stressful before I even got out of bed, bloody estate agents and solicitors!housemove	My morning has been far too stressful, thanks God it's almost over	1
I cannot wait for this week to be over and for a break from school.	After the week is over it means the break time will come so that's good.	1
I really miss my family :( but I never have time to go see them always busy. sobusy	I will better plan my assignments and take time to see my family.	1
Omg Im sooooo TIRED! ..and yet I have a final due by Christmas Eve and I have to work all the way until then plus a party.. Oh my!	I have a final due by Christmas Eve, but I am eagerly looking forward to the Christmas party.	1
Maybe its karma or something. Because I'm sick, am dealing with way too much, and everything is going downhill.	I hope my luck changes in the coming days so that I am blessed with good karma.	1
Don't want to go n here n clock n but somebody got to do it2Blessed 2Be Stressed	I don't want to clock in but I'm glad that I'm able to do it.	1
Beyond done trying to be in people's lives who don't even bother to me in mine. annoyed	I'm going to choose better friends who give me the emotional attention I need.	1
Im upset that Im having so much trouble trying to take my final with Proctor U	I feel very happy to take my final with Proctor U.	1
I hate insurance crap. My daughter needs her stuff. children should get totally free insurance and it	I wish insurance was easier because it makes my life more difficult.	1
Why do i continuously try to trust people again after they continuously fuck me over.	I just hope people are more trustworthy.	1
Boredom and being tired..worst combo ever..even worse than fish and chips with a small tea.	Fish and chips with a small tea is better than being bored and tired	1
Soooooo. Rent is due on the 1st and I can't find my book of checks anywhere! Where would I have hidden them?!	My rent is due on 1st and my book of checks is missing. Hope I can find it soon.	1
So much to do, so little time. A mental break down wouldn't surprise me today.	There are a lot of things to do in little time, but I am sure I can succeed with my hard work.	1
Picked all of my fingernail polish off while watching that game. stressed I'm turning into	Watching games sometimes can be stressful and that's what makes games interesting.	1
Bloody hell you say that you don't want me to get stressed yet you go as stress me out?!!!	You need to work on what you say or understand my situation so that I don't get more stressed out.	1
So much to do before I go home for a couple days! I hate midterm week!!!	Once the week is over, I’ll be back to rest from it all.	1
I wish I could say I feel bad. But I don't. I just feel empty. lonely SorryNotSorry	I don't feel bad, just a little empty.	1
Fed up with your glorified word. Word that manifest within me. It's starting to become a knife. That stab me and bleed me to death. I hope that I will survive. With the knife disguised as a word. I wish I could survive, I truly	I know I can deal with anything someone says about me.	1
Brazil that's going to have their whole country behind them or Germany that could potentially beat the dutch	Brazi jas a lot of support and Germany looks like they will beat the dutch. Both will play a good game though.	1
Seems Twitter is a place for out people to shout into the vacuum of space. Scroll down and have a look at my art. Will calm you down	Seems Twitter is a place for our people to shout into the vacuum of space which is good.	1
Ok so I still havnt watched any of the semi-finals of Britians Got Talent yet	I still get to watch the semi-finals of Britain's got Talent!	1
You know for a stress management class it sure is very stressful and annoying if I might add	I'm thankful for taking this stress management class. I've learned so much already.	1
There is too much work to be done and no where near enough time to do it all	Too much work, too little time, need to prove to myself that I can do what it takes	1
I'm too young to die of a heart attackbut this game is driving me to that point	I hope the game ends soon so that I don't get my heart in too much trouble.	1
My nursing classes keep forgetting that I have other classes that are REQUIRED for me to graduate. No, I can't drop English	I will talk to my nursing class teacher so she can understand I have other classes to, she will understand.	1
Can't wait to see for NYE but regretting sitting next to the crying screaming baby on the train!	Can't wait to see NYE, but next time I need to pick a different seat on the train.	1
I never ever thought Id say this but after tonight I dont ever want to see the Trafford centre for a very long time!!!!	I am a bit displeased about the Trafford center, but I hope they would improve.	1
Hate being at school I have so much down time I just sit and think about stuff	If I invest my free time at school in doing something fun I know I’ll be thankful later.	1
I can still remember P. Sherman, 42 Wallaby way, Sydney, but god forbid I remember a fucking science definition!! provincials :$	People criticize me for knowing science, but I try not to listen to them.	1
Dance final today and im so stressed Dx good thing ill never see any of you again xD graduating	After graduating every stressful thing will be left behind.	1
Is there a regular can opener here?! Idk how to use these stupid hand held ones. Or whatever you call them.	May I ask if there's a regular opener here? I feel unable to use my hands on this.	1
I've left this essay on Self-Defence far too long, it's due next Friday and I haven't even started it!	If I organize myself well, I can finish the self-defense essay before the deadline, which is next Friday.	1
I just had a moment bc like 4 ladies at this restaurant I'm at have their purses on the ground. Like don't they know it's bad luck	Evweyone else has their purses on the ground but at least I know to keep mine on the table or chair.	1
I am in serious need of a massage. Is it possible to get an 8 hour massage? I want to go to that place heaven	So much in need of a massage. Is an 8-hour massage possible? I'm looking forward to the session anyway.	1
NO wtf? I thought Hendall was done? He said she has no personality! Why is he with her father? Wtf!	Even though I don't understand the relationship, I know that it's none of my business and I will stay out.	1
The hardest part about teaching in person right now is feeling like the biggest burden if there is anything wrong with your body that you cant control and therefore need a sub.. just all of it sucks.	Teaching people in this climate is bad right now, but when I look at those young faces I know I'm doing something good	1
gonna be a rough day dnt kno how im gonna be able to focus on work with all this stuff going on:(	This may be a rough day but I will complete all my stuff with focus.	1
Hard to let go cause I feel there's a bit of hope, but that hope fails me every time"	I am going to stay hopeful to see what happens	1
I'm so behind on college work this week its crazy I've got so much to do	I have so much college work to do, but I am confident that I will finish it on time.	1
I just want a car that I don't have to worry about it breaking down  it could be the ugliest car ever, just as long as it runnnss	I care more about the quality of the car and reliability than about the design and beauty, being ugly but safe for me is great.	1
not happy with youview, absolutely terrible I'm without live tv tonight! Can't watch anything nothappy	Time to catch up on my reading since I'm without TV tonight.	1
You can't have growth without change but why does change have to be so overwhelming!	You need to change in order to grow.	1
What a mad day!! and still not home! Roll on holiday time on Friday!!  nonstop	Can't wait for Friday when I can chill and start to live it up.	1
Had a week off work and I haven't chilled at all, been so busy everyday and it's making me quite an angry person	Having a week off work let me get work done on many other things.	1
You know its bad when youve even lost interest in the things you love doing.	I need to see a GP as I have lost all interest in what I used to like, I am sure that will help.	1
At times like this, I just want to kick a line of footballs into an empty net	I am going to play some ball and make myself feel better.	1
maybe it's me that makes you this way. I took the wheel to drive you crazy, but I didn't think we were on the road to insane.	My last relationship wasn't the healthiest, but I learned a lot to take to the next relationship.	1
It's hard not to get jealous for things you never really wanted in the first place.	If you don't really want something, you'll likely not be jealous when someone else has it.	1
School and work schedule sucks this week. No lifting availability for 3 days! irritated CantWait braindead	Only three more days until I can start lifting again!	1
Trying to sleep but I'm unable to. For some reason I'm thinking about the bookings I have to action tomorrow	I hope to go to sleep soon so that I can be gone with my tasks for tomorrow early and efficiently.	1
I really hate that there are a million &one ways for my HCM teacher to ask questions on this one topic freakingout	I love it when my teacher asks questions about this subject.	1
I hate summer school. Only bc it's so much work compacted down into such a short time period. I know I will be glad when it's all over, but rn, I hate it!	Summer school is bad because it's so much work compressed into such a short period of time, but everything will be fine when it's over.	1
Don't wait till last minute to start your group project! StartNow and you'll be less later.	It's important not to procrastinate to be more productive	1
The fact that I won't know if I failed till Monday is killing me.	I think everything worked out, I hope to have good news on Monday.	1
Got more satisfaction from cutting the grass at the weekend than my work at the moment sadtruths	I got a lot of satisfaction out of cutting my grass this weekend.	1
If you don't have at least one mental breakdown during finals week, is it really finals week?	I hope my mental health improves in the coming days.	1
Feeling the weight of the world on my shoulders today. I must say, its damn heavy. overwhelmed	Today I have been feeling a lot of pressure on my shoulders, It's hard sure, but I have a strong back and I can carry it.	1
Man that EOCT was hard asf! out and my legs soar from track barely can walk..	Man that EOCT was really challenging! The feeling of muscle soaring is a reminder of all my hard work	1
Trying to sort the house out and clean while your baby is crying and wont have his nap is hard work!	I am definitely going to be a multitasking expert after I finish sorting the house and cleaning while taking care of a crying, wide-awake baby.	1
I'm getting pretty tired of these 16 hour work&school days. I just want/need a break. Not like a week, like months	I have been working really hard with school, so I am going to be able to have a good career and to top it off I will reward myself with a nice holiday.	1
My vision of a vacation is going to Montanna.. Not going to Camp Ripley for two fuckin' weeks.	I'm glad to be able to get two weeks of vacation to rest and recharge!	1
Knots in my stomach are weighing me down today wish I could just go back to sleep  tired	A good rest will improve my stomach upset.	1
I can't wait til Saturday cause that's when I'll be done with my midterms :(	I can't wait til Saturday, because my midterms going to end by this week.	1
Ughhh I'm getting way too stressed out about these finalsprobably because I literally failed the last two tests I took	I’ll try harder to get good grades on my next tests.	1
I wish that we could just live in the 21st centuryand not be stuck in the 40's and 50's	I’m so luckt to be alive in the 21st century, it’s amazing.	1
Really wish for once things would go right, instead of harder and harder! somedayssuck geteasieroneday tired and	I am hoping things would go right hereafter as I am tired of it.	1
Not looking forward to another extremely stressful week, realizing taking 6 courses and working in 2 labs is easier said than done	It's time for me to buckle down and focus for the big week ahead of me.	1
i don't have a curfew and i come home before the time i say and I get yelled at saying that I was late. thanks parents	I follow the correct rules in my life, so my parents give freedom in my life	1
Sorry if I come off distant and twitchy this week I have state on Friday .. And I have to make a pretty hard decision so	After I make the decision, I will feel better.	1
Im tired of adulting can I just take a break from life/responsibilities and just catch my breath. Stating to get hard to breathe.	Adult life is tiring. I wanted to take a break from life/responsibilities, and just catch my breath. But that's real life, and I'm a tough person, so I'll keep going.	1
WTFE pretty much sums up this week so farwatching duck dynasty and tuning the crap out	I hope the weekend comes quickly so that I can relax a bit before the next week.	1
Why are there always thing that go wrong wen life is perfect!! Bad things do one!! upsetlonelyangrysmokingnot eating!!! Urrgg	Tomorrow will be a much better day!	1
Seriously. How do you even study for AP Exams? It feels like you know it or you don't.	I don't know how I can study for these exams but hopefully with some help I can figure it out.	1
If my biology exam was tomorrow and i had all today to revise that would make me a bit happier	I haven't had much time to study for my biology exam but I'm sure I'll do fine	1
Life is too short to hide your feelings. Dont be afraid to say what you	Express what you want to say freely because life is short.	1
I seriously have not had this much homework all year? Common I got enough stress with graduation stuff.. tired	I have a massive amount of homework and stress at the moment but it will make me a better student so it is worth it.	1
Bouta blow this dope as if I wasn't throwing up last night I needa stop but I'm	Feeling bad now means that later on when I will feel good I will appreciate it more.	1
Whyyy are they not taking out my rent yet! Is my money not good enough for them or something??	I hope they take my rent soon so that I can manage the rest of my budget accordingly.	1
I hate days when I have work 3-9 because I have no time to get anything done	I don’t like the days when I have to work from 3-9, as there is no time for anything. But the advantageis there is no time for worrying too.	1
It's Monday, I've had zero sleep, I feel like crap and im in a bad mood	It is Monday and I have not had much sleep, but I am grateful that I don’t have much work today.	1
Finals week is not a good time to have added stress ready for this week to be over now..	I cannot wait for the final's week to be over and to start fresh from the next week onward.	1
Omigosh!!!! What an evening. Came home to a crying baby, and had to give him his meds. After 1 hr he settled down to go outside. I need this to go away fast.	Be thankful you have a healthy and happy baby.  Kids are so much fun at that age!	1
Finished work at 00.15, not well, can't sleep, work 9-5.30 if not later tomorrow. Driving myself insane sleeplessnight	Even though I can't sleep, I'm thankful I at least have a job to go to in the mornings.	1
Not being able to fall asleep is the worst feeling in the world. CantStopThinking BrainWontShutOff	Not being able to sleep is something tough, but you can sleep well after you pray to God.	1
I don't even wanna look at the class registration because I know all my classes will be filled	There may be a few classes that havent been filled if not I can ask if theres any extra places	1
This weekend has only consisted of studying studying and more freaken studying :'(:'(:'( icantwaitforholidays exams	I am bored with studying all the time this weekend. I am eagerly looking forward to the vacation.	1
Been up all night, can't sleep :/ Thinking about college, changed my major. This is so bogus. I don't know what to do. help	I am not able to sleep as I have changed my major. I hope I have made the right decision.	1
Ugh i just found out i have a 6 page paper due 2morro. terrible tired	Going to have to stay up all night tonight to work on my paper but after it’s submitted I can have a good long sleep.	1
Like Culliver on White, I think we need to start blitzing a little bit, Justin is not pushing.	Let's give Justin a little encouragement so that he can develop and help us all move a little faster.	1
So Im not allowed to be upset because then you turn around and get more mad than me!!!!! Shyt! jokes life	I hope my relationship gets healthier in the coming days.	1
Seriously considering walking out of this office if my boss starts on me again badday	I think I would be better off in an office, where the boss is cool.	1
I go on vacation on Wednesday. It's totally cool start drinking in the morning during said vacation right?	Daydrinking on vacation is cool, right?	1
She swears that she's always right, she never wants to hear wtf I have to say!	I know it can be a little bit incomprehensible, but I make a lot of mistakes. I need to improve.	1
I'm exhausted, have a big summative in english tomorrow, need to do laundry, have swim practice. and am on my last nerve.	I have a big summative in english tomorrow, need to do laundry, have swim practice, but I am confident of accomplishing those tasks very soon so that I can listen to music and relax on my bed.	1
BSM or STA? Its so hard, but i cant decide. Which one do i go to.	It's a hard choice to decide if I want to go to BSM or STA, but once I decide I can finally start planning for my future.	1
Today has seriously just been chaos. My cousin had a seizure and my gma had "heart attack symptoms" on her BIRTHDAY.	Today has been a tough day, my cousin had a seizure and my gma had "heart attack symptoms". Thankfully they are alright now	1
Is currently doing what I hate doing the most: pagpila at pagsiksik. Worst, mag-isa pa. I usually don't do this.	I hate doing this so I'll do it as soon as possible to do the things I like to do	1
You know it's going to be a bad monday when you can't access your uni account to do your assignment	Access your uni account and do your assignment otherwise it may become a bad Monday.	1
It's only Monday and I can already tell it's going to be a long week	It would be lovely to get to the end of this week as soon as possible.	1
Right when I got home I took a nap. Finally woke up and I'm still tired	I hope the nap I took will give me a second wind soon.	1
Been here since 845 and already want go home. This gift will be the death of me.	I have only hours to finish my journey and return to my home!	1
Sick of getting those "Single Muslim Women in your area" ads, on PornHub/Gay, I'm not interested, sorry.	I hope not to  see the Single Muslim Women in your area" ads, on PornHub/Gay  which does not interest me.	1
your email customer service are an absolute joke. After a terrible meal a 50% refund NOT CREDIT was agreed. 2 weeks later it hasnt been processed and now theyve changed their mind and said I cant have it! hadenough	I'll try to contact your customer service again. Maybe I just talked to a bad agent.	1
Oh shiit.. Im really really not feeling well at all :'( sorethroat crackedvoice tired Its an early night for this girl.	I'm really not feeling well at all hope I get well soon.	1
hate being this ill away from home, and having the weight of an essay to write on top! poorly girl	Being ill and away from home with an essay to write is difficult, but one has to put up with all these in hostel life to come out in flying colors.	1
My iPhone 5s has broken YET AGAIN! annoyed unhappy Apple Sick of this iPhone, its truly the worst one they've made.	My iPhone broke again, I really like Apple phones, but this one is letting me down	1
Seriously considering moving in to the science department during the week. Need all the help I can get!	I am putting in a lot of hard work at the science department during the week.	1
dang so I didnt know ppl actually looked at my tweets so maybe I should step up my game lowkey now kinda feel pressured to be funny and now Im	I‚Äôm becoming so popular on Twitter, going to take it more seriously now to keep my fans happy.	1
After my test tomorrow I just want to sleep. But Im too nice to say no. Birthday surprises from noon to midnight? Sure, no problem	I should get some rest to have a good day tommorow.	1
That feeling that if you start crying, you don't know if you'll ever stop. ItSucks	I do feel like crying but I hope God will give me the courage to overcome my stress.	1
After throwing up at work and now this headache coming back, I just wanna go to sleep and not wake up for a few days	Im not feeling my best but after a long rest I’m bound to recover.	1
Man, I Feel Really Tired. I Have To Take Care Of Those 2 Slackers All Day -_- You Guys Are Lucky	I can't wait to hit my bed and get a good night's sleep after the day I have had taking care of these two slackers.	1
So the disaster for the day is my water spilt all over my laptop in my bag! :(	Water spilled all over my laptop in my bag, unfortunately.	1
Had to leave the floor before I shouted at someone! Today is not a good day!	Getting away from people instead of shouting at them is something I do because I am smart.	1
Working for six hours when you have so much homework to do is some kind of cruel joke	I am having to do multiple things at once at the moment Im sure I will keep up the good work.	1
Running out of orange squash is quite possibly the worst thing to have ever happened to me	Nothing bad has happened to me except for things like running out of orange squash.	1
This week of work has been super shitty so far.. Hopefully tomorrow is better! ugh stressed	The work week hasn't been great, but hopefully tomorrow is better	1
I hate when someone's mad at me and I don know what I did? Ugh Sad TellMeWhatIDid	I need to talk out my problems, and then I can improve my relationships.	1
WHY DON'T PEOPLE UNDERSTAND THAT GROUP WORK MEANS WORK AS A TEAM NOT LEAVE ONE PERSON DOING IT annoyed	With these events, I realize that the best team I need is on my own.	1
I have less than a month to decide what I'm going to wear to Believe Tour..	I have less than a month to decide what I'm going to wear to Believe Tour. I'm so excited, I can't wait.	1
I am contemplating whether I'm too busy to start the day with prayer. REALLY??? No prayer = a and less productive me. Axiom	I'm going to wake up a little earlier just so I can pray before starting my day and feel accomplished.	1
The amount of college supplements I've edited over the past few days and my own still isn't done stressed <;<;<;<;<;<;<;<;	I will get better at editing my college supplements.	1
Maybe if I cry during the final my professor will feel bad and give me a good grade	Even if I don't get a good grade I still learned a lot which will make me improve.	1
Planning my Europe trip is proving to be so hard!!! So much to see in so little time and money! ACK!	Planning my Europe trip is proving to be challenging, there are so many beautiful and interesting places to know! I have to prioritize some.	1
Too much on my mind. My thoughts need to turn off so I can sleep. They're making me sick.	I have to control too many thoughts and their impact on my mind to sleep better	1
When your client won't eat her sandwich but will quite happily down a weetabix on the go as soon as you put it in front of her	I am glad she ate it because I didn’t want it!	1
bad move gettin that game wait til u get to 29 its a killer.35s worseee am gna pull ma hair out ha	Getting that game is going to be a challenge but you will feel accomplishment once you hit 29, and especially after 35.	1
Just fucked up massively and now have to sit until tonight to see how bad of damage I actually did. FML	Well, I screwed up. Nothing to do but take my lumps. I can handle it.	1
when i turn the fan on i'm too cold and when i turn it off i'm too hot	It's hard to get thermal equilibrium. Looking for something between cold and hot.	1
What happened to me? Why do I feel so incredibly sick? I have one week of classes left this isn't fair	I am not feeling well but only a week left of classes.	1
By the time it's all done I will have spent over $1000 just to apply to 3 dental hygiene programs.. and I may not even get in.	I have paid around $1000 for my dental hygiene, but it's important to have good hygiene.	1
If the system crashes tonight for course registration, I will have a mental breakdown.  and	Leaving out of my mind the bad endings like the system failure makes me calmer.	1
2 days left of 1st semester and i cant even get out of bed cause im so tired from coughing all day, this is seriously not helping.	Only 2 days left from the 1st semester of school, hopefully I'll get better from all my coughing.	1
I wish I could just shut myself out from the world for a few days	I’m excited to think I’ll soon have a chance to rest away from everyone	1
Still hungover but now I just want to drink more. Just not ready for tomorrow at all. Bank account still zero and Christmas is around the	I just want to enjoy this moment, tomorrow will be a new day, I hope the payment will fall into my account, because Christmas is coming.	1
Ugh I can't go to sleep, and I've got school in the mornning:'( why tired	I'm going to learn how to stay calm and just relax instead of worrying about tomorrow.	1
Really need a party now on tuesday, I finish early and off wednesday and all this worry need to get a few down me	I'm going to have an amazing party on Tuesday, I'm off on Wednesday, so I can chill and recover.	1
For a couple of hours we can run this town till it runs dry favoritesong	I'm so glad we get to enjoy our favorite song while we are driving through town!	1
When you realize how much of a homebody you need to become to pass this semester no more going out 4 days a week I guess unless its to study	This whole week to pass the semester just leaves me a path to success.	1
If your name isn't Rita, it'd be smart to leave me alone till at least Sunday	You can talk to me after Sunday!	1
Cant wait to go back to Uni on monday! Need to get out this house	I'm looking forward to getting out and going back to Uni on Monday!	1
UGH SCHOOL AND FINALS. IM why does rede have to be a such thing as school that is this dreadful?	Finals make me upset, but they are almost over.	1
Just watched BreakingPoint with didt wach it on wed stressed waching it but it was brilliant give me advice	I watched a fun thing called BreakingBad and it was intense.	1
Why rain had to fall so early this morning. .. im hella late , maxi moving slow as france	Rain start to fall so early this morning. The view was so nice.	1
if this is the application i hate to think what the interview is if i get that far :/ :(	This application is really hard but I’m going to give it my best.	1
My mind goes crazy at night with wedding thoughts. I feel like there is so much to so still.	But I am so very excited to get married!	1
Stress? What stress? Im not stressed. Im just a single mom to a medically fragile child and having to deal with everything. Crazy is what I am. *Yes, Im being sarcastic*	Life's pretty difficult with a medically fragile child under my care. It's time for me to seek some help to deal with all the stress I'm dealing with.	1
the only thing getting me through today is that i will be able to relax and watch the hans game tonight tired sick	The only thing getting me through today is that I will be able to relax and watch the hans game tonight, and I'm grateful for that.	1
yeah quite a few i think just seeing how the night goes i don't finish work till 9	Hopefully it will be a good night I finish at 9 and there's quite a few.	1
What long day it has been, I think this girl needs a drink to relax a bit	What a long day it's been, can't wait to relax and have a drink this evening.	1
Just noticed am wearing all black today.very reflective of how I feel this morning!! Hopefully that will change later! exam	I hope my wardrobe and the state of mind improves considerably in the coming days.	1
Crazy vertigo (like, cant drive or read) on occasion and tracking it, I think it may be stressed induced. Anyone else have these symptoms? SickNotWeak bipolar anxiety depression KeepTalkingMH	I have to see a doctor to treat my vertigo so I'll be fine for the next days	1
I've never been sick like this my whole life! Karma must really hate me sickday sickk	Being unwell really makes you appreciate all the times I gave been well.	1
Oh boy I rearranged the furniture in my room (thank god) and then started reorganizing everything else and my room now lives in that terrible place where it's a huge explosion disaster until you figure it out I'm	I'm so glad that I reorganized my room. I still have work to do, but at least it's partly done.	1
I might take a break from editing for a while because Ive had a bad headache three days in a row. It might be the stress of going back to school from a sucky spring break, but I hope it goes away soon. headache day3 stress	To get well soon from my headache I should consult a doctor.	1
So my hard drive erases all my work and my photos won't print, all with my exhibition being put up this weekend.	My hard drive erases all my work and my photos won't print, all with my exhibition in the weekend. I hope I can set things right.	1
I need a vacation. and by that I mean 3+ consecutive days to lay in a comfy hotel bed, watch the food network and order room service.	I am so excited to have a vacation. That means over 3 days of lying in a comfy hotel bed, watch the food network and order room service.	1
Registration for mun is in a few days and i still have no idea what i want to do with my life :(	Registration is in a few days and it's the perfect opportunity for me to step forward and choose at least a little bit of my future.	1
Sometimes I forget all of the worries I have and all of the things that can go wrong, then life reminds me.	Sometimes it is good to forget all the worries that I have and all the things that go wrong.	1
Could do with 4 large bottles of wine . Half a wage for 2 months work and some silly twat trying to wind me up.	Even though I have the possibility to do great things, I also need to understand that there are people who will be there to make me difficult the way.	1
Feel like having a full on meltdown!!  I don't know how much more I can take of this!!	I need to stay focused and calm down, or I won't be able to last long, I can't take the risk of having a mental breakdown now.	1
You know it's been a bad night when you don't even accept the peanut butter dove chocolate your mom offers you.	Even if it's a bad day you can't say no to peanut butter dove chocolate your mom offers you.	1
Just wanna have a hot bath and then cuddle up and watch a movie but no I've gotta revise for three fucking mocks tomorrow	Once my mocks are done tomorrow, I can chill and relax watching a movie.	1
I have tonsillitis! Ill bring you in some coffee tommorrow were going to need it	When this is gone, I will be so thankful.	1
i think she believes shes making jokes but its mean and hurtful and god forbid i try and talk to her about it	I think I need to have a sit down conversation about her jokes I think she will listen.	1
Thank you US Airways for having me wait in a 1.5 hour line for absolutely no reason that caused me to miss my flight and connection	I missed my US Airways connection after getting caught in a delay. It won't last forever, I'll be on a flight soon.	1
Just went on a 30 minute rant about random stuff to one of my friends.	I am glad that I have friends who can listen to my long winding rants.	1
out studying hard 4 exam tonight I should of started studying sooner I dont know any of this material My fault but I cant fail	I've procrastinated my studying, but I'm making up for lost time. I've learned my lesson about putting off my studies.	1
I feel bad for my kids right now. I'm so consumed and out w/ work, I can't think dinner/groceries/living.	I feel bad for my kids right now. I'm so consumed and out w/ work, I can't think dinner/groceries/living. But I'll make sure to make it up to them when in done.	1
Computer crashes and loses over an hours worth of work I'll never get this finished	I just lost more than 1 hour of work because the computer crashed, I need to finish this.	1
Im gonna be more off the schedule, University's got my booty just fine. But in october im done for this semester happy, not really but stressed Hope you guys are havin a good day!	I am looking forward to this semester ending since then I will have more free time.	1
Why do some people think they have the right to talk down to you?! Just because ur aiming for the stars. angry pissedoff .	People shouldn't think they have the right to talk down to others	1
These freakin last two days stress me out so bad. pleasegobyfast finals screwed effmedude headaches	I hope I have a good rest after the hectic days I have had so that I can get into a peaceful state of mind.	1
what the heck is taking financial aid so long to be completed - bill due friday	Financial aid system could need some improvement.	1
Literally crying at the fact I have auditions coming up in January and I'm not prepared with anything as I'm illgahhhh	Literally crying at the fact I have auditions coming up in January because I'm so grateful	1
Fuck my group seriously.you are not a leader i am and will take credit for it. Im the only one doing work	My group is not putting in the effort they should, this is a chance for me to develop leadership qualities.	1
I hate leaving the house with chipped nail polish :( But i keep chewing on my nails	I hope to get over the habit of biting nails as I dont like to leave the house with chipped nail polish.	1
I made color coded post-its for my to do lists and the pink ones say breathe, just in case I forget fuckfinals mentalbreakdown	I made color coded post-its for my to-do lists and the pink ones say breathe, just in case I forget. It helps me to keep everything in check.	1
I hate school sooo much. 90% of my problems occur from worrying about school. indebt	I hope I stop worrying about school so much and start focusing on the positives.	1
Why in the world did I agree to taking the AP test for Psychology !! I'm literally going to fail :( thissucks	I guess I need to step up and study since I challenged myself to do the AP test for Psychology.	1
Crazy how when I was younger all I ever wanted to do was grow up, now I wish I could stay young .	When I was young, I wanted to grow up, and I want to stay young. That is a common fact of life	1
To attempt to do my homework or accept the fact that I wouldn't get it done anyways and just go to bed?	I think I should do my homework to get a good future.	1
Stressful day. Not ready for a new school But its honestly well needed. Going to miss my Bestfriend though:( sucks praying	I have to go to a new school and not see my bestfriend any more, but at least I can meet some new friends	1
2 weeks 2 days till I finish for Christmas. Couldn't come quick enough. Need to relax! tired	Even though I've been working so hard, I'm glad that I'm almost done, and it's time for Christmas!	1
I usually like shopping, but selling/buying a house does not fall in that category. more waiting	Even though selling or buying a house is not something I like, at least I will be over with it soon.	1
Ughh someone text me . I'm so bored an tired AF ! 5 hours til I'm free .. work ughh sucks	Work's not great, but in five hours, I'll be free.	1
Like if this is how it's going to be everyday I don't want to be a part of it	I hope the future holds much better days for me going forward.	1
15kg of luggage allowance is not ideal for someone who over packs as much as me	I need to learn to pack only the things I really need for a trip.	1
Nothing like a mini breakdown and a pep talk from Dad to make a Friday less dull MovingToLondon	I'm happy to have time with my dad, even though his conversations don't please me so much.	1
The unknown is killing me I'm just praying we make it through the night!  worried	The unknown is frightening and fascinating at the same time. We end up going through unexpected situations and with that using the opportunity to learn to cope.	1
When , remind yourself to slow down. This helps bypass the fight or flight response, allowing you to respond instead of react	Taking things easy will help you think of a better solution much quicker.	1
If I had a blunt for each problem I have Ill be higher than the empire state	I have to face my problem strongly.	1
At the 24 hour animal vet.  My cat is so high maintenance and Expensive. He seems to be high on something.. ?	I am at the 24-hour vet. I love my cat and want the best for him.	1
Fucking hate packing. 7 vests and 8 t-shirts and I can't leave any behind! Taking more shoes than a woman aswel	Screwing disdain pressing. 7 vests and 8 shirts and I can't abandon any! Taking a greater number of shoes than a lady aswel	1
Nothing like nearly breaking your neck to get to class What is wrong with alarm clocks nowadays?! overslept	I will wake up earlier tomorrow and be fresh!	1
I wish everyone was just straight forward all the time, sick of wondering what's next and losing sleep.	I wish everyone was just straight forward all the time. I keep wondering what's next and can't sleep, but I know people can't be all the same and I should try to chill out.	1
The first half hour of looking after my brothers past without incident and now all hell has broken loose why	My brothers are a real nuaisance but it's normal for kids to be like that and I should cherish their childhood.	1
This time in 10 days, I'll be running around like a blue arsed fly sorting out for my party!	I have many thing to do before the party but at least there is a party so I am excited about it.	1
dear school, please slow down i hate having to multitask through different classes just for a stupid midterm.	I need to be more mature and understand that school was not made to be easy, and homework is to help me do well in exams and have a better future.	1
I'm so worried I made a tit out of myself and made a bad impression. anxious	I hope I get another chance at a first impression.	1
If I could go back in the past I would definitely change a couple things	Even though I made a couple of mistakes in the past, I'm grateful for where I am in the present.	1
There isn't enough hours in my day! Too much to do in limited time! promotiontime	I feel like I don't have enough hours in my day, because I have so much to do. Fortunately, I can get things done quickly, and I will be able to finish everything.	1
I have an exam tomorrow and im stressing out so hard right now and I don't even know why. exams	I need to relax now, I will take an exam tomorrow.	1
Charrette due tomorrow and I just don't want to do anymore of it. So much to due not enough time to do it.	Charrette due to tomorrow, but after it's done it'll be a load off my back	1
anxious gonna begin DeviousMaids in bed with a sneaky slice of tomorrow's pizza take my mind off things. stressed	I'm gonna relax with DeviousMaids and a sneaky slice of tomorrow's pizza in bed.	1
Christ, today has been a total headshrinker so far. Lost count of how many things about dad's move that have been problematic.	Even though many things were needed for the dad's move at least it will be over soon.	1
Adv. Comp is so lame. Seriously, do we need the whole thing done by tomorrow? I'm so confused.	I need help with Adv. Comp that's due tomorrow.	1
Screw it. I'm going to be honest, I'm confused with what is going on. wtf	I'm going to be honest that is good for me.	1
I just wanna eat.. But I guess ill pump out some arms first.. And then eat, watch the grinch and drink so wine. christmastime	Christmas is great there is amazing food and Christmas movies that I will enjoy later.	1
Ive called on a number of occasions today, been told every time that the wait times are high, but to be on the phone for at least 17 minutes waiting every time I try to call is shameful! Theres no wonder why people just give up when trying to claim fedup	Waiting times are really long, I might send a letter next time. Hopefully that will work.	1
Trying to make stupid cakes for a bake sale and have no scales and not enough ingredients wingingit	Even though I don't have all the supplies I need, I'm just glad I'm able to wing it.	1
Too hard to revise when ur mum + dad downstairs are talking over the loud tv and your brother is screaming We Built This City song	I hope I get some time and peace at home to revise and do well in the test tomorrow.	1
Really need to make a dent in this essay but I just can't find the info I need  annoying	I need to breathe, relax and finish this essay.	1
I swear sometimes I feel like I have the weight of the world on my shoulders, o wait its not sometimes its everyday	It's high time I seek various ways to relax myself every day.	1
90% of the folks who come to Champps at this hour are people from other restaurants that need a drink after work.	90% of the folks who come to Champps at this hour are people from other restaurants, It's fun to have the opportunity to talk to them	1
These kids are bad as hell! I'm gonna have to pop open one of these straw-ber-ritas when I leave! Smh	Even though these kids are being bad, I'm glad I have the patience and ability to calm myself down without resorting to drugs or alcohol.	1
I really do hate moving out. I don't know how I've accumulated all these things during the past 2 years.	Moving has given me the opportunity to sort through my things.	1
Pretty sure smelling like icyhot is a man repellent, however, my neck appreciates the feeling.	Using icy hot makes my neck feel so much better.	1
Lily had her 15 mnth appt todayShes allergic to eggs, nuts and dairy. She has to see an eating specialist and shes sick again! Ugh!	Finally finding out all the things Lilly is allergic to, I'm sure an eating specialist will help her.	1
it's already time to register for spring classes like woah slow the fuck down. I can barely pass these classes  fuckschool	It's already time to register for spring classes	1
Never letting u drive it again. AnxietyAttacks RT: bored in the back seat of my seesters car!!!	I need to find someone new to drive, someone who can help my mental better.	1
WellnessWednesday:,We push so hard we tend 2 gloss over our health. Listen 2 ur body, it could save your life. medical	I will save my life and go to the doctor soon.	1
I seriously don't know how I'm gonna get these drawings done by tomorrow final 3drawings eachone 18x24 fml haventstarted	Though I haven’t started the 3 drawings till now, I think I can finish them by tomorrow.	1
Why does life have to be so complicated sometimes? Like why can't it be easy for a change?!	My life is complicated sometimes. Someday it will be better.	1
Wanna know wen imma reach the light at the end of this dark ass tunnel I'm in???	I am really thankful for everyone helping me get through this hard times, soon things will get better	1
FFS. All I want to do is to get my stuff shipped over here from the UK why is everything ridiculously difficult.	Bringing my stuff from the UKcould be easier	1
Hated this week, it cudnt get any worse! Can't wait for it to be over	Yeah, this week has been tough, but we are so close to the weekend!	1
I seriously can't deal with life today. Can I put up some sort of away message to let people know I'm taking the day off?	Today is a stressful day, but I can feel better if I get off from work and relax for some time.	1
wondering how I'm supposed to write a research paper when there is no info on my topic-plastic	I have a research paper to do and if I buckle down and work really hard I can get it all done.	1
Something I've taken to doing lately is watching BobRoss on YouTube. Anyone that is or feeling anxious. I recommend you do the same. 27 minutes out of your day, and I think you'll find things a little easier afterward. Just one man's two cents.	I'm thankful that I have Bob Ross to calm me down during the end of my day.	1
I just want someone to tell me that everything is going to be okay this semester. stressed fullschedule iwillsurvive needmotivation	Even though this semester is stressful after some time it will be over and I will feel better.	1
I am always busy. So don't get BH when I don't want to hang out.  annoyed	If my friends cannot understand I am working hard right now I might just find more understanding friends.	1
So angry, when did bitchy passive aggressive emails ever help anyone? All I wanted was a bit of help	All I wanted was a bit of help. Do unnecessary passive-aggressive emails ever help anyone? Makes me angry, but I'm sure they'll come around sooner than later!	1
stressed is an understatement. Just want it all sorted so I can chill. Feel an outrageous out burst bout to break.	I'm really stressed right now, and feel like I'm about to burst, but I keep telling myself this stress won't last forever.	1
I should've been smart and signed up for senior slide classes instead of all this hard bullshit	I’m glad I challenged myself and went for the harder classes, even though it’s hard now.	1
Didn't think my life would change in a blink of an eye but only God knows why this is happening	Sometimes life changes do us good, as we learn to be more flexible in the face of situations.	1
School and finals and juries and leases and bills and cosigners.. SO much stress right now!!!	Life is full of bills and duties but that's what makes life be what it is.	1
End of my first day of senior year and I already feel behind and overwhelmed.  ClassOf2016	End of first day of senior year and I feel I have a lot to learn in the days to come.	1
Never had a Monday like this in my life!!! Anything that could go wrong did! Plus breaking down on a scary bend! !	I hope the rest of the week turns out better than the Monday I have had.	1
Been dealing with 2 hospitals, 2 specialists, and a surgeon. Doing whatever I can to save my dad's life.	Very thankful that we have such great medical facilities here. Have 2 hospitals, 2 specialists and a surgeon helping to do what's needed to save my dad's life.	1
In 10 days I will be in Maui 4 Easter break. I really can't wait.Sadly my job doesn't take vacation. What's wrong w/this picture?	I am so lucky, going to be going away to Maui in ten days, so exciting.	1
Shopping for Jordan his mum and his sisters birthday is so stressful why are they all a day after each other	Jordan his mum and his sister's birthday are all a day after each other, but at least I only need to go shopping once.	1
Having one of the worst days of my life the day before my birthday is awesome. sick	Even though I don't feel well for my birthday, I'm glad I at least made it to another year.	1
I just want my life to be easy and carefree. Why is that so impossible for me?	I need to figure out ways to make my life easy and carefree.	1
Just because you know the material for the final at home doesn't mean you'll know it when it's in front of you.	If I study properly and get things into my long-term memory then I'll know it at home and when it's in front of me during the final.	1
It's official. I hate packing! Wish I could just click my fingers and my whole house would be packed up  movinghome packing	I cannot wait to be done with packing and have all my stuff packed and ready to move.	1
Finding hotels for a client, now I feel I work for Agoda! Ugh 20k budget + choosy client = the worst thissucks	If I can choose a hotel to make my client happy, then I can do anything I put my mind to!	1
My lack of motivation for the amount of work I have to do this week is killing me	The amount of work I have to do this week motivates me to complete it.	1
I seriously don't care about all the myths in our huge book about how the world was made. Maybe she should actually teach us!! stressed	don't care about all the myths in our huge book about how the world was made, but is cool to lear other things in the book.	1
The moment you feel like screaming till your lungs pop because your mind is over thinking everything troubled	I'll feel more refreshed if I just let my feelings out for a bit and stop worrying over everything that has been troubling me.	1
Less than 80 days till I graduate and I still have no idea what I'm doing with my life	It's almost time for me to graduate and get the freedom to do what I want in my life.	1
Tomorrow and Friday can change my life either in a positive or negative way ..	I hope things work out in my favor in the next two days so that my life turns out better.	1
Things that are going to get me through my last year at uni: my family, my friends, my piano, music.	I am thankful that I have my family, my friends, my piano and music to get me through hard times.	1
Hopefully last of the Xmas shopping today, most organised weve ever been Christmas shopping stressed get back then ps4 time	Being stressed with shopping during Christmas is alright since I am glad I have money to shop.	1
Pretty soon I'm gonna need to start closing down the bars like I close down the library	I recognize that studying can be stressful, but I am thankful for the opportunity to get an education.	1
havent been home since 630 this morning and have a chem and trig test tomorrow	Once I'm through the chem and trig test tomorrow, I can finally relax at home.	1
Constantly wondering what I'm going to do with my life is the most annoying feeling.	I'm quite certain of where I will see myself in the next decade.	1
very annoyed flight leaves 19:05 and we have not even boarded yet. No information as to why just held in the corridor.crapcustomerservice disapponted nervousflyer so this isnt helping !	I will wait for the workers at the airport to give me information, I understand they must be full of work to do.	1
Choosing subjects is not easy as I thought.. dont know if I want take maths in 5th year and not sure about pe either sohard	Choosing subjects is not easy as I thought, don't know if I want to take math in 5th year and not sure about PE either. But learning and trying will be fun	1
should really be leaving for work but I cant even get outta bed :/ exhausted	I have to leave for work, but I am not able to get out of bed. I hope I can do so after some more sleep.	1
The stupid moron that tried to get into my accountthanks so effing much, I can no longer access my bloody account! annoyed	Sometimes privacy violations give me the opportunity to create a new account that’s safer for me.	1
Jesus fucken Christ they're always late at this dental clinic I have to make my schedule in an hour !!!!!!	This dental clinic needs to reorganize their service mode, as they are delaying appointments and this is not good for my schedule.	1
I hate always being behind because I miss a week. It's worth it don't get me wrong but..	We should think before we speak.	1
Finding employment is not easy in this city "New York". Everything everywhere is so diverse and idk how to adjust and be focused.	Finding employment is not easy in this city "New York". but, once we get it will be awesome.	1
I cant get through on the phone been trying for weeks, on hold for over an hour! Im struggling with my tax bill thats due end of Jan I dont want to get fined but wont let me set up payment plan ! pleasehelp struggling covid	I hope I get through to the Tax office quickly so that I can set up my payment plan that has been pending for a while now.	1
Okay, seriously, why am I awake?! Me and the sandman are going to have a heart to heart soon! I need sleep! tired	I don’t know why I am still awake. I would be happy to get some sleep.	1
I'm seriously gonna cry if I have to go to the dance with white skin like this.	I think I will get a tan before the dance so that I can look my best.	1
I'm already 15 minutes late for my movie and I'm not even there yet MonstersUniversity	I can’t wait to see the rest of it!	1
Hate when I can't sleep cause to many things r going on in my head	I don’t like it when I am not able to sleep due to overthinking.	1
Here goes little ole me as I slip into the stress of pointlesschristmas nosleep ignoringmypartner snappy	Christmas season makes me upset, but this year I'm going to try harder to be in a better mood.	1
Its important to distinguish between stress and anxiety. We all need a little bit of stress. Education on the psychosomatic symptoms is important in identifying when to take proactive steps to intervene.	Its important to distinguish between stress and anxiety. We all need a little bit of stress. Education on the psychosomatic symptoms is important in identifying when to take proactive steps to intervene and when to know it's just a normal part of life	1
I'm in desperate need of a masseuse and some peach tea right now. longday longweek	I would love a good massage and some peach tea right now, this week has been challenging!	1
I have been really grumpy lately and I'm sorry to who ever has had to encounter it	I need to work on how I treat others when I'm feeling down.	1
I'm putting an ad up for anyone who wants to buy my parents. Additional info will be presented soon.	My parents are difficult at time’s but I love them.	1
I wish It really felt like Friday, all I can think of is homework, test, and work :(	I hope I get done with my homework and tests so that the real Friday feeling comes through.	1
After the pep-rally tomorrow social life goes back down the drain.. Got no homework done today.	After the pep-rally tomorrow social life goes back down the drain..going to make an effort to get out and meet some new people.	1
So my final project for my course is due next week and I haven't even started bigproblems notime	I hope I do a good job in finishing my final project which is due next week.	1
I hate people. I hate Facebook. I hate people on Facebook. Mostly I hate finals	I should take a break from facebooking so I can feel better.	1
Trying to decide which new car to buy this weekend is SERIOUSLY stressing me out!!!	Am trying to figure out which new car to buy this weekend, it is not that easy though.	1
getting home after a shitty day at school and putting your onsie on,making a cuppabrew and laptop - bliss	It's so nice to come home after a long day, put on comfortable clothes, and make a cup of coffee.	1
I dont know what I was thinking when I told my mom I wanted to go to college	I will think more before telling something important to my mom.	1
I would love a crystal ball or a time machine right now To know if all of this effort will get me anywhere	Putting in a lot of effort right now and I know that this will pay off later down the track.	1
Maybe I need some time away from home and friends and family to gain some peace or enlightenment. Or something.	I wil take a break from my circle to come back stronger!	1
As amazing as it is to travel a lot, it can also be very stressful, tiring and really bloody exhausting. noplacelikehome	Although I love travelling, there is no place like home.	1
when you think its saturday and not friday so you wake up at 5 to get showered and ready and find out you fucked up	I am up early on Saturday because I thought it was Friday now I can get some things done.	1
Well didn't today was going to turn until a smoke half a pack of cigarettes and drink half a bottle of wine night but here we are	I have serious problems with addictions like alcoholism and smoking, I need to stop that.	1
Nick ain't emm freak his black b4 he fyed it up on da sideline bra was	Nick may be in trouble, but I'm optimistic he'll come through.	1
Missed Zumba class once again. :( Hayzzz work. how I wish I could break up with you.	I missed Zumba class, be but I will make it next time.	1
Damn Mrs. Davis might have to hand my project in late bc once i go downstairs to start the project .. Computer Wont turn on !	I will make my computer to work.	1
The fact I just spent over an hour in the kitchen prepping food for the next few days shows dedication. wifemeup	I have taken care of our food needs for the next few days so that I have more time to focus on other things.	1
I'm looking forward to going to the fields on Friday so I can get my mind off of all the things that have been happening lately.	I will relax in the fields on Friday!! It's what I deserve after all that's happened lately!	1
Every Seven Hills student is ready to shoot themselves before the end of this weak	I have to ready for the exam I have to do it good.	1
Can't believe everyone else is already out and at home and we have finals this week. unbelievable	Just one more week to go for my finals. Thereafter, I can go on a vacation or simply chill at home.	1
I think its time i get out of the emotional abuse in my work place. newjobneeded	I am hoping to get a new job to get out of the emotional abuse.	1
It pisses me off that my boobs are here to feed my child yet they make no where near what he needs to eat. disappointed	I'm thankful that my boobs are here to feed my child even if they make nowhere near what he need to eat	1
How am I ment to study when I havnt been to school in so long.. Running out of time to study.. English today poets and mcbeth	I just have to buckle down and study hard, and I'm sure I'll do well.	1
If its not school its work, and if its not work its family, and if its not that it every other bastarding thing under the sun!!	I know I have a lot of responsibilities but it would be nice to just relax from them for a bit.	1
Wondering when my mental breakdown will take place. I'm thinking round two am Saturday night.	Just remember all of this conflict will make you a better person in the end who is able to deal with anything that comes your way.	1
I put in these long hours in my classroom and I wonder if it makes a difference.	Putting in these long hours shows that I am determined, and will help me in the long run.	1
I haven't had the same luck as last week.. Aggghhh Preston roadworks! Missed the god damn train!!!	If I don't have luck right now it means I will have more luck in the future.	1
It's crazy how I have absolutely no time at all for ANYTHING! overwhelmed stressed graduation work vs studying finals oh my	I should learn to not stress out so much over graduation, work and final exams.	1
Why can't I just write this freaking English paper? frustrated stressed gettingnowwhere can I just not turn it in:/	I am sure everyone is struggling on this paper although it will be finished soon	1
I want to eat cake.. or chocolate donut.. or a gellato.. or black sambo.. DESSERTS	I'm thankful I have desserts in the house I can treat myself to.	1
I hate going to sleep so early because now i woke up and not torrd i got shii to do tmm	I slept too early, so now I won't sleep in time for tomorrow but I have learnt for the future.	1
Leaving twitter for a bit unilife + depressed. Not a good match. Be back in couple of weeks .. xxxx	I have to learn meditation to overcome my depression.	1
As if I'm not stressed out enough about finals, now I'm sick with a sore throat. Fml. Sick	Having a sore throat during finals is no fun, but at least the end of the semester is in sight!	1
i just need one day, one single insignificant day, where nothing goes wrong. that's all.	I will have an incredible day without any stress one day.	1
Passport lost, passport found. Bag too heavy, moved shoes to hand luggage. Have to carry all my coats in my hands. Glass of wine?	Passport lost, passport found. Bag too heavy, moved shoes to hand luggage. Have to carry all my coats in my hands. But I am grateful I could make it to the airport inspite of the delay.	1
I'm gonna need a case or two of mikes hard strawberry lemonade to get me through the next 2 weeks	I'm going to need a case or two of mikes hard strawberry lemonade to get me through the next 2 weeks. I'll have it, and I'm going to make it!	1
Of course all Internet would be down and registration fucked just when I need to get 5 upper level philosophy classes	The internet is down but I know there will be another way to get the classes.	1
I knew you were trouble from the beginning, but it's in my nature not to care. fuuuuck	I'm going to think things through, so I don't end up with people I know are trouble.	1
This is the one time that I hate that it's Friday: work all weekend and then exams right after IsItChristmasYet	Working all the weekend for the exams is somewhat difficult but theforthcoming Christmas events bring joy to my heart.	1
How did this get so complicated! I should not be stress about this but its my biggest concern at the moment	Minor complications, but I know everything will work out the way they are supposed too.	1
Things aren't going the way I planned, but guess that's how things work. Hopefully my path is down this road.	Everything will work out eventually, and I will see the end of the tunnel.	1
It was such a bad idea not looking for my suitcase, can't find it anywhere	I should have looked at my suitcase, I will do it next time.	1
literally had no time to do anything and won't have time in the next few months either	I don't have time for my for the next few months but after that I will.	1
I am so excited till the time actually comes then I'm just disappointed from the beginning	Sometimes I get overly excited about things, and it can lead to disappintment, this doesn't stop me from being a passionate person though	1
I need a day just to finish all my projects and graduation stuff. justoneday stressed	Stressed with finishing my projects and graduation stuff but if I work efficiently then in one day it will all be done and I can relax !	1
I HATE when my friends don't text me back because that's always the time I find a million things to tell them!	When my friends don't text me back it's an opportunity to do something useful	1
So tired.. But I have to finish looking over genetics and organic nosleep Hurry up MardiGras	I have to finish my work after that I can take rest without guilty feeling.	1
I hate finals so much. stressed fml gonnadropout justkidding but damn I am not feeling jolly right now	Even though the finals make me stressed at least soon I will be over with those and will have a break.	1
Is seriously stressed today and its not even 9am yet! Public transport is a joke sometimes!!	Public transport is a nightmare but I am proud of myself for sticking with it.	1
It's 2am and I'm listening to Brand New in the dark, if you want to know how I'm feeling.	It's 2am, and I'm listening to music in the dark, feeling a bit down	1
And I pray that it's long enough I lose points if it's not long enough	I have to pray long enough otherwise I lost my points. I have to prepare myself in a good way.	1
Let's talk this move to another city my job is making in less than two weeks	Let's talk about this challenging move to another city my job is doing in less than two weeks!	1
i will pay anyone in chicken nuggets, if they do all of this damn schoolwork for me.	I will pay anyone in chicken nuggets, if they do all of my schoolwork	1
Omg. I ran out of chocolate bars. This is so not okay. How can I write with no chocolate?!	I will restock my kitchen with more chocolate, that way I can focus and lessen my cravings!	1
This sounds terrible but I really wish I had some weed to smoke right now, and i never smoke. I'm just so sick of the bullshit.	I hope I get a good night's sleep so that my head is cleared so that I can start afresh tomorrow.	1
stop teasing me. You keep playing's Love rears its ugly head without it being a randomisor song.	I guess I can see the funny side in you playing Love rears it’s ugly head to me.	1
One of those days when you feel like you need a five-minute hug, a pack of jet-puffed marshmallows and a friend to talk to.:( pagod	It's been a pretty bad day, but hopefully things will be better tomorrow.	1
Today's just one of those days where I don't wanna see anybody, talk to anybody, or listen to anybody. tired	Today's just oneof those days where I feel bad soon it get better.	1
Ugh okay next PIG paper I am not waiting until the night before its due to do it	I have to write a big paper but I will be able to do it since I am a smart person.	1
It's not a true day of a dance unless you're crying at some point in the day..usually around noonish	My nerves get through me, and when that happens, it makes me feel alive and like a person.	1
I hate that anxious/nervous/sick feeling you get when big changes are happening in your life.	Big changes in my life are making me nervous, but I know that it's big changes that makes us grow.	1
Long week at work? ? Don't let it get u down! Hit the gym, call a friend or even just take a walk!	I love to go to the gym or take a walk with friends, after a long week at work.	1
the sceary moment when your feel life is spinning out of control going no where but down	You have to be strong and face this moment in life, I can't let it get out of hand and put me down.	1
The fact that I wrote GPA instead of GDP four times in my Econ assignment is really bad clearly im	I've learned from my mistakes and next time I'll pay more attention to what I write	1
Alright I think its time to go to sleep and not wake up for a long time Sick	I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight after the tiring day I have had.	1
How hard is it to find somewhere to live in this city. So over it.	I will find a place to stay eventually, I just need to keep looking!	1
why is it that when you build a bed the instructions are so difficult to understand?they may aswell be in Chinese for all i care	I would love to be done building this bed so that I can enjoy a good night's sleep.	1
All good things in life take time. I'm just scared that the best will never come back.	Since good things in life take time and I am a patient person, it means I will be experiencing the good things when they come.	1
Wanting to talk too him about something. But I don't want to start a argument!	I want to talk to him about something, but I don't want to start an argument. So, I'll talk very kindly, and I'm sure it will be okay.	1
I hate summer and if I don't have a complete mental meltdown soon it will be a miracle . Hope everyone else is having a good day.	I don’t like summers and, I am waiting for it to end. Hope everyone else is having a great day.	1
Story of my life stressed low point worthless overthinking story of my life ugh dont know	life is stressful but is worth living at his fullest.	1
It seems like no matter how hard I try to get my grades up I keep getting screwed	My grades don’t seem to go up inspite of my hard work but this experience has taught me a lesson.	1
not sure i should have drunk that.. oh well! ha girlsnight guyfreenight readyfortomorrow misshim love ben hashtag aha	I will be more careful with what I drink in the future!	1
All this shit to make things right, Is it worth the stress? Will it be worth the fight? Over worked. Under	I'm overworked, but I know I can make things right if I pull through.	1
If I make it through today without crying it is going to be a miracle.	I know I can make it through today and make it a miracle.	1
Sadness invaded every crevice of my brain. But things will look up soon. I just have so much I need to get done this week.	Feeling overloaded right now with what I need to get done, but I know in a week things will all be fine.	1
Well, today Im attempting to move the bulk of my belongings down to Milwaukee. Pray that the frustration/incidents are kept to a minimum ThePinkoning	I'm moving the rest of my things to Milwaukee. I'm sure everything will go smooth!	1
I really wish that the USPS didnt just dump my package on my door step at the apartment for people to take. All my neighbors report having seen it but they dont know what happened to it! Ugh. frustrated	The USPS could really improve its attention with the packages it delivers.	1
Not in the mood , but still gone try n get thru it! GymFlow Stressed	It might be hard, but im going to get through it!	1
Can someone take my clubs away from me so I never have to play again?	Need a break from golf. What else to do...	1
You know it's a rough day when you cry in the doctors office or any public place for that matter	My day could have gone better in the doctor’s office	1
I should be happy about it but I'm not. I really am not happy about it. frustrated	I should be happy about it but I'm not. But that's not my choice, and it's okay, there are other things that can make me happy.	1
So confused - do I wanna read all the Scandal tweets and find out hats happenin or wait until I'm stateside to watch. lo	I'm confused - I don't know whether to read all the Scandal tweets or wait until I can watch later! I'm excited either way.	1
All i can think about is cars cars cars. I need a new one so freaking bad. I hate mine	I have a bad car now but soon I will be able to get a new one.	1
I hate moving house! 4 voicemails and 6 missed calls and it's not even lunch time!	Moving a house is something that I don’t like, but the thought of a new house excites me.	1
i'm having a such hard time balancing school work with all my words with friends games :/ stressful out	I have to cut back on my Words With Friends games for now, so I can get my schoolwork done.	1
It's during these unsettling times, that we can see what truly matters in our life.	It's during these unsettling times matters in life	1
I feel like I don't have time to just sit down and watch a movie	I never find time to relax and watch a movie, but today I am going to make sure that I do.	1
I hate that I can't schedule my classes till next Tuesday. Like they're all gonna be filled	I will try to schedule my classes soon.	1
Had no time for revision tonight seeing as I had work all night :S scared	I didn’t have time for revision because I was working but at least I know for next time to prioritise revision over my job.	1
roadrage , Calm down, take a deep breath. Its not worth it ! There are many over. and mad people out there.	There's no point in letting other people ruin your day, drivers can be difficult to deal with but everything is momentary.	1
Spent all day prepping, writing and copying evidence for my boys DLA renewal. lifelong conditions mean just that. lifelong. They dont go away just become a little more manageable through years of dedication,education and medication. tired	I'll do anything to help my son succeed and live his best life.	1
Is it just me or has anyone else lost any and all motivation towards school frustrated isitbreakyet fucky	I'm getting a little demotivated for school, but break is coming up soon.	1
Back to a bad habit. Stress makes people revert to bad things. Hopefully its just a short fad.	I'm pretty sure that everything bad will pass, and I will be back on track in no time.	1
I want to go on a roller coaster right now, just so I let this scream in my chest out! sad realitysucks dissapointed	I will start to exercise more just so I can get this stress out of my body!	1
My phone is Lowkey being dumb right now . It keeps unfollowing people that I just followed	My phone is not working properly because it is unfollowing people that I follow.	1
All I want is some cold beer, && to go fishing on a boat. NeedToRelax	Going fishing on a boat with some cold beer would chill me out.	1
I have a feeling that Jesus and chocolate will be the only things that'll get me through this week.	I am thankful that at least I have my faith and chocolate to get through this week.	1
Its day 1 of finals and in already ready to blow my brains out. frustrated	Just a few more days of finals and then I can rest	1
I almost started crying in class today bc my prof accidentally said that our final was a DAY from tomorrow instead of a WEEK from tomorrow	Despite the news that almost made me cry that the race is going to be tomorrow and not next week, I need to prepare myself in the little time I have and not be sorry.	1
I don't understand why everyone pressures us soo much. I mean I realize life is hard But sometimes you just need	I hope people understand and don’t pressurize us and make life hard.	1
Lord please give me the strength to not say nothing..sick of these dumb arguments over nothing	Thank you lord for allowing me to acknowledge the futility of these useless arguments	1
If I make it through these next 5 days without having a break down it will be a miracle	This next five days are going to be challenging, I'm sure I will get through them though	1
PLEASE sort out your emails. Constantly unable to send or receive. Says wrong server etc or wrong password but thats not the case! moveawayfromyahoo !!	Having some trouble with yahoo emails but I'm sure they'll sort it out soon.	1
Who would have thought that the last few days before Spring Break would be so stressful!!! I cant even handle it right n	The last few days before spring break are not quite good. I hope I can handle the situation well.	1
The first sleep before back to work is hard enough - that game hasn't helped	Back to work can be difficult but never impossible	1
very disappointed poor customer service don't even acknowledge correspondence stressed and victim of 3rd party damage	Customer service wasn't was bad, hopefully the next employee i'll talk to will be better.	1
Fack. Time to go home to my shitty life of prepping tomorrow's meal. Challenge is to do it w/o making a mess	At least I get to make a meal, there are people out there who don't get to have food at all.	1
Running around in ten different directions as per usual the day I leave for vacation. ahhhh	The time period before vacation is stressful but I love vacation so it’s well worth it.	1
Tomorrow is another day of worry. I know I shouldn't, but I can't help but think when it's gonna be no more.	Tomorrow is a new day, soon this will, end and I will have no more worries.	1
Is it bad that I forgot my birthday until someone told me this morning haha	I have been so productive lately that I forgot my birthday, no problem, my family and friends are there to remind me!	1
Wow just got off the phone with the financial aid office of the College my daughter is going to attend and let me tell you Im not sure how a single mother of 2 is going to pay $22,000 for her to start school in January.	Paying for my daughter's college is a difficult task, but I'm grateful to have a daughter who wants to study	1
Today is one of those days where I'm just gonna have to keep my mouth shout or I'm gonna hurt someone's feelings!!	I know that tomorrow this anger I'm feeling will pass, for now I'll keep my mouth shut	1
Ive just noticed just HOW I get when I'm late for work. I'm such a dork.	I hope I am not late for work again.	1
Feeling tired, cranky, and ? Sounds like it's past time for selfcare. Taking time for yourself isn't a luxury- it's necessary	Selfcare is a must and should form a part of one's routine to stay calm, happy and energetic always.	1
If i make it through these next few weeks it will be a miracle! goingtodie tomuchtodo	Even though these next few weeks will be hard, I know I have the power to handle all of it.	1
It's happening Saturday no more school for the rest of my life.. god knows ive worked hard graduation FINALLY	I'm thankful that the end is near and that I have worked so hard to accomplish my goals.	1
People can shh about finishing year 1 some of us don't finish til august and work full time as well youvegotiteasy tired	I'm tired, and I have to work until August, but it will be here fast, and then I can relax and take some time off.	1
Does the fact that I just balled my eyes out watching the end of Fever Pitch mean i'm emotionally unstable? Yes FinalsWeek	I know I’m alive, and I have feelings if as I watch the end of Fever Pitch I can feel touched emotionally.	1
Stressed? Find ways to relax w/Calmful Balance free ebook and find yummy way to unwind	When I feel stressed at least I have the ebooks which help me get through hard times.	1
When you're not sure about something you never know the next step. Once you figure it out its too late..	When you are not sure about something, trust your instinct and take your time to make a decision, everything will be fine.	1
The past 6 days has been the most stressful days of my life something wrong day after day	There's something wrong every day and creating stress for the last 6 days, but I'll grow through it to make things and days better.	1
Yes it does hurt, but I can't tell u bcos ur just not gonna understand :'(	It does hurt a bit, but I hope you can understand.	1
What do you do when you feel like everything in this life is crashing down on you and you feel like you cant handle it. &tired.	Every bad thing will pass and good this will come in their place!	1
Who would have thought that the last few days before Spring Break would be so stressful!!! I cant even handle it right now!	I am feeling stressed, but I know the stress will be over in a few days when I leave for Spring Break. I know I can handle it!	1
It's 10am and already so much has gone wrong. Anyone fancy being my mum and just looking after me?	As a lot of things have gone wrong today, I'm going to ask someone for help.	1
When you have one of those headaches that are so bad you feel like your gonna get sick..	I'm sure that after I take this pill, my headache will disappear, and I will feel better.	1
Wish you would just communicate with me and my issues would not be so bad. :( oh hey twitter long time no vent.	Sometimes I just need to work on my problems to solve them instead of complaining about them and waiting for someone to solve them.	1
Dr found large mass on my Dads lung, Mom needs eye surgery, but is to sick to have it done. +my car died	There are a lot of heavy things going on in my life I'm grateful to have a support system to get through everything.	1
Please just get me through this school year. Not many days left. But, just please. worried	There aren't many days left until I'm finally done with the school year.	1
the piano tuner is here and i don't know how long for and i'm scared incase i made her coffee wrong	The piano turner is here, I hope she likes the coffee I made for her	1
Who breaks into a car in broad daylight and steals a car charger? Seriously? Why would you do that? confused	Somebody broke into a car and stole a car charger, but thank God they didn't steal the car too.	1
One of those days where stepping out in front of van would be preferable to life. stupid I am too stupid to be on this course	Even though I'm having a bad day, I'm just lucky to be alive.	1
Thank you to everyone picking me up while im going threw a hard time i appreciate it dearly	I'm very thankful to everyone who are picking me up, while I'm going through a hard time. I appreciate it, and I'm confident I'll be better soon!	1
I just keep telling myself four more days of insane studying, assignments and no sleep, then i can relax.	I need to keep in mind it's only four more days of intense studying, assignments and little sleep, then I can relax and feel like I did well.	1
Mental overload. Exams have me so frustrated I start to cry for no reason. Dang	These exams are making me frustrated, but I know that they are important for my education and my future	1
been graduated college for over a year now.. whyyy im starting school again Friday, i still have no idea.	Going back to school again means that I will have more knowledge and I will be smarter.	1
It's so annoying that any teacher would assign a project this week, due on the last day of midterms.	I hope no teacher assigns a project this week, due on the last day of midterms as it is a bit irritating.	1
I've aced every single math test this semester. now I'm trying to do the final review packet and just realized I am fucked!	I have done well on every math test this semester. The final review packet is challenging, but I will use this packet as an opportunity to improve my math skills.	1
Cheated on my diet this morning and got a coffee from Common Grounds.. It's one of those days. mondaysucks	Cheated on my diet today but theres always tomorow.	1
No I'm not winking at you, my left eye just has a horrible twitching problem.	I may have a twitching problem with my eye, but that was a genuine wink because I like you.	1
I wish you would stop giving weird signs, If you like me, Just tell me! Chances are I like you too Grrr	You are welcome to tell me if you like me as I also seem to like you.	1
I had an awful week, everything went wrong. Hoping next week will be better . carproblems family whyme	My week wasn't the best, things went wrong. But I'm sure next week will be better!	1
Just wish I could see into the future. I hate not knowing. I just want to understand but I can't. confused tired can'tsleep	I can’t see into the future and that’s hard I just can try my best in the present.	1
1st mornin in new home cuppa n fag on the balcony feel kinda shit this morn	I'm feeling bad this morning. Hopefully I feel better tomorrow.	1
Trying to think of questions to ask the big boss of the company I work for is really hard and stressing me out! HELP! Imcrapatthis needhelp helpmehelpmehelpme	I don't know what to ask the boss at my job, but if I bring storm enough I will figure it out.	1
Sooooo I just forgot the word for PowerPoint. How much cortisol can the brain handle before there's permanent damage? I'm seriously worried about my prefrontal cortex. You okay there, bud?	People sometimes forget things when they are worried and that is normal.	1
Late night/early morning. . . I hardly slept and yet I am still not done!	I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight.	1
How about no one buys me presents and then I don't have to buy them presents.. :( NotFeelingChristmasy	I don't feel like celebrating this year but I will buy presents anyways because I am thankful for the people in my life.	1
From solving polynomials and inequalities, to trying to remember what a gastrocnemius is and where the semitendinosus is	Solving polynomials and inequalities and still trying to remember other facts	1
The only reason why I am looking forward to basketball is so I can get my mind off of things. Annoyed	I am looking forward to basketball to divert myself. That would lift my spirits up.	1
When u feel like u can't cope much more. Fed up of being put down angry upset	I think im going to avoid spending time with people that put me down	1
Trying to juggle all of life's responsibilities, I think I have dropped the ball on meI need meeeee time soon! tired	I'm tired trying to juggle life's responsibilities, but once everything is clear things will get better	1
I must be the only girl on the world to hate both underwear and shoe shopping.. Arggh strapless bras are the devils work	Underwear and shoe shopping are boring for me, but I am glad to be out in the sun.	1
Seriously can't study anymore, I NEED sleepso done with this week! Can tomorrow just be over already?!	I need to take rest to concentrate on tomorrow's work.	1
Stressed.. he don't understand.. he broke a promise to do something stupid. Never forget I'm here for you.. you don't need that.	He broke a promise to do something. Maybe, he had some problems I have to ask him	1
That moment you realize all that hard work was for nothing and you do not have control over anything	Even though my hard work didn't pay off, I'm happy that I put in the effort because it shows what a diligent worker I am.	1
Kissing the rest of my summer goodbye. sorry to all my friends that think I am neglecting them..literally am starting to work 24/7	I am bidding goodbye to summer and starting to work 24/7. I hope my friends don’t think I am neglecting them.	1
Impossible situations, what ever I do I will be wrong! Sometime you have to smile and bite your tongue, ever that could be wrong!	Everyone goes through tricky experiences in life, I just need to push past them and come out stronger.	1
It hurts when people who know you for more than 18 years can blatantly and unapologetically speak lecherous innuendos on your face. Don't you think you know the girl enough to know that she doesn't approve of this kind of behaviour? It's sad and it hurts.	People can be really mean but at least you know who not to keep in your life.	1
like honestly, i hate when your girlfriend ruins everything .. like why u such a hater biotch .. feellikeshit	I hope my girlfriend's mood improves so that she does not make me feel bad.	1
Work needs to end today, my boss needs to try to not shorten my vacation next week. And I need to get drunk see Sara and play cod.	I hope work will end today and my boss doesn’t shorten my vacation. I would be glad to get drunk, see Sara and play COD.	1
Tweeting because that seems to be the only think I can do without breaking down, crying	I hope I get into a better frame of mind so that I can have some peace of mind soon.	1
Is there a topic of physical chemistry that wont make me want to cry? physicalchemistry sad writeup	I know Physical Chemistry is hard to me, But I hope I will learn it soon.	1
I shouldn't be so stressed that I cry and get sick. I can't do this anymore.	I cry and get sick when I am stressed. Time to learn healthier ways to cope with stress.	1
i cant do everything by myself but i dont feel like reaching out to anybody .. its not their problem :/	When I feel overwhelmed, I tend to isolate myself. It would like to try to reach out to others more often for help.	1
I can't wait to workout and train tomorrow I need to release all this anger	I must try to control anger in all situations.	1
Hate when everything gets on top of each other and then one thing makes you cry :@ badday	I had a bad day today where everything’s gotten on top of eachother but it’ll be okay in the end.	1
All of a sudden Denielle James doesn't have a clue of her personal contributions as a Civil Engineer I think I need a break :/	Denielle James doesn't have a clue of her personal contributions as a Civil Engineer	1
Today is terrible. I'm glad we're recording today, cause I gotta let this anger out ASAP,	Today has been a slightly bad one, and it would be better if I vent out my anger ASAP. But anyway I am glad we are recording today.	1
You know your tired when you forgot your school work at home, and you leave your keys in your car	I forgot my school work and left my keys in the car. I'd better get more sleep.	1
Kids have, for the 2nd yr running, made the hols a tough one.. sad to say I am glad to be going home tomorrow	Can't wait to be going home tomorrow I have had a tough time with the kids but I can relax now.	1
Just found out today that I have a research paper due the next week, the same week I have a statistics test	When the chores come to me for the same week, it gives me time to prove to myself that I can handle all of them.	1
I dont have my notes on the civil war and thats the last thing I need to write about for my project. What the fuck.	I don’t have notes on the civil war that I need for my project, but I hope to get it from my friend soon.	1
Eating a slightly out of date ready meal.. At least if I get poorly I'll get sent home from work badmicrobiologist	Eating a slightly out of date ready meal but it’s better than having to buy a new meal.	1
Can't decide if I need a drink, a hug, some crack, a massage, 15 hours of sleep or all of the above.	I'm confused, I feel like there are things that would improve my mood like a drink, a hug, more sleeping time, or all of that.	1
So my printer fucks up when i have to print some work off fucksake annoyed	I don't like the problems with the printer, but at least I have one.	1
I dislike it when I have these moods when I don't want to do anything. stressed D:	When I'm stressed, I just need to stay calm and rest to get my mood back	1
Damn. Y'all already submitting your nfotd2014. I'm not ready. I still haven't seen Boyhood, BTL and Babadook. ("B's").	Y'all already submitting your nfotd2014. I'm not ready, but I will do it by watching Boyhood, BTL and Babadook. ('"B's").	1
there's not a person in the world who could cheer me up right now besides my mom.	Grateful my mom can cheer me up	1
Been referred to as JordOn twice already. Amongst other issues - can I go home please.? .com	People keep calling me JordOn and it is so funny.	1
Vlog will be a bit late - been a bit of a morning already and its only 8:42am	I hope the rest of the day turns out better than this morning.	1
SHE'S CRYiNG HER EYES OUT ON THiS RiDE HOME CAUSE OF HER SHOTS FROM EARLiER..  JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL PLEASE!!  *SiGH*	Working through her feelings after getting her shots will help our emotional relationship grow.	1
mane 4rom now imma be low a'f! not tlkin 2 anybdy 4 while! i need sum time 4 my self! :( a'f	Although it's been hard at the moment, when it's summer season, I'll enjoy alot	1
The strike @ PE College is stressing me out now seriously, I mean june is almost here but asikenzi nix I ddnt even get the bursary	The strike at PE college stressing me out. I didn't even get the bursary yet, I think I have to find other ways.	1
Worried about my mom. Wish the doctors can find out what's wrong. 4 months is too long	Worried about my mom. Wish the doctors can find out what's wrong. But I'm positive she'll get better soon.	1
Prob worst sleep ever! slept thru most so he's fine 4 race but please pray i have energy headache	I have a headache from not sleeping very much last night, but thankful he slept well and is ready for the race.	1
Why does everything seem to go bad at the same time? I don't need this right now :(	Things will get better, they always do.	1
I don't even know where to turn anymore. I wish I could say I'm done and actually mean it. upset	The difficult moments only give me the breath to grow as a person and do not depend on anyone.	1
What a week. Weird being all graduated and stuff, cuz I get to game way more than I used to sillygirl gaming	Growing up and graduating from school is something that makes me nostalgic but makes me happy.	1
Identify stressors. Realize what makes you feel stressed and do something to change them. Anxiety Depression	Try to identify those things that tend to take away your positive mindset and make efforts to avoid dwelling on them.	1
I have 107 q's on TKAM due Thursday and I'm on 23. I've got to finish my SAE by Thurs. EOC's tomorrow and Wed. FFA banquet tomorrow.	I have a lot of work to do in the next couple of days, but it won't last forever.	1
I really need to stop putting my WWW words off until the night before the test..	I should put it off until the test.	1
So close to graduation and I have no idea what I'm doing with my life. pressure annoyed	I'm close to graduation, and I'm confused about what I'm doing with my life, but I'm sure I'll figure it out.	1
It's okay to go home from work ng 9 db? MONDAY!!! Glad you're over!! Or not yet	I am excited about tomorrow as Monday's over.	1
Flat tire on my way to work. Not a good way to start my day	Flat tire on my way to work. Hope the rest of my day goes well.	1
roomtoimprove Dermot out of sorts with corrugated roof colour green or red gaff mayb he's a mayo man underneath it all or out	Dermot made some interesting choices on roof color that shows where he might be from.	1
Brucie is so cute don't get me wrong but not when he's pooing all over. stinks gippinghell	Brucie is so cute, but not when he's pooing all over. Even though, I'm happy to have him!	1
last time I traveled frontier there was a 22 hour delay. Flight 882 already starting with an hour and half delay. Not a good sign. I just want to get home.	I wish I was home but everything I can do is accept the reality.	1
! Smh the family in this house will never b happy or even be a family! Done and Fed up w/ everythinq and this bullshit too! ..	I hope my family members change for the better and get along well with me.	1
You know it's finals week when your start crying when your dad asks you about napkins. what	It's finals week and I started crying when my dad asked me about napkins, need to control my emotions and focus that energy into studying.	1
Sick of dealing with incompetent aresholes today, this is an elderly womans care package we are dealing with! fedup	My coworkers could need some more training.	1
Time for bed exam tmw, interview tuesday, exam wednesday and exam friday !! Cant wait for this week to be over	Time for bed exam tomorrow, interview Tuesday, exam Wednesday and exam Friday. Can't wait for this week to be over, so I can get some well deserved rest.	1
I wish one day would pass without me having to worry about something or someone!!!	I always worry about people, but that shows that I care.	1
The annoying moment when people assume that I'm mad.. No it's called caring about others actually! sooverfinals	I hope people come to realize that it is my caring nature that causes me to worry and not because I am mad.	1
Hearing students talking about how hard the bio test was that I have to take in ten mins is not helping	Some kids were saying the bio test was hard, but I studied last night, so I am prepared	1
I've noticed that, in my family, we're not happy unless we have at least one more project than we can handle aka	At least we like to stay busy in my family!	1
I am 20 mins till the end of season 1 of elementary amd I have to go to work. I planned this badly.	Time to learn how to manage my schedule better, so I don't miss out on anything.	1
I can't do this anymore I can't I'm sorry I have done it for to long itshurtingme	I know that apologizing won't solve my wrongs but It is a great start to self-improvement.	1
Im so frustrated today. please give me a shout out to the man up stairs!!!!!	I'm so frustrated today shout out to the man	1
4 hours training for such a critical role/position is not enough. Nothing went right, right from start !	I hope I get more experience on the job in my initial days as the 4 hours of training are not really enough.	1
I am not an angry person at all, but lately all I want to do is hit things.	Even though I want to lash out, I'm confident I can remain cool and calm.	1
It's not even 9 a.m. and I'm ready to start the day over again. Frustrated	It's 9:00 a.m. and I have a lot of time to make the day better.	1
Dance team workshop in the cold + sickness. Doesn't mix. I CAN'T AFFORD BEING SICK THIS WEEK!	Dance team workshop in the cold I have to prepare for that.	1
I missed school yesterday. and missing that ONE day is equivalent to missing a WEEK.	I need to work hard to make up for the lost school day	1
Gudmorning Everyone!!!! Have A Great Day Cuz My Day Get Worse A Worse Every Sec.. Depressed	Gudmorning Everyone!!!! Even though my day gets worse every second, I hope you all have a great day and tomorrow will be better for me!	1
Took my car in at 8, no classes all day, not feeling well, and haven't fallen back asleep. Can you say	I haven't fallen back asleep since taking my car in at 8, despite no classes all day. But at least I'm glad that my car got fixed.	1
CTV reports teachers get perks; even a poor senior's healthplan allows massage. Teachers are + need this.	It’s pretty amazing that teachers get perks, they do such a good job they deserve a massage.	1
intl somnies joined my ga's some of which are US Only and now im having trouble finding US somnies i just don't want to get people's hopes up but this is getting so messy.. idk what to do (-:	I just need to stay calm to be able to find US somnies	1
OMG! I got over A QUARTER if the last chemistry paper WRONG. Totally gonna fail.	I got a quarter of my chemistry paper wrong, but I did good on most of it so I don't think that's enough to fail.	1
What a week so far. I wish I knew how to handle some of the decisions I have to make. :(	We are not all born learned so this week is teaching me how to understand the situations around me.	1
What a shitty day. fml igiveup I thought maybe I may have finally caught a break Guess not. :(	I hope I have better luck tomorrow with my day compared to today.	1
Needing some stress relief. Gonna take a long shower then lay down and watch a movie. Maybe it'll help..	I will take a long shower and relax thereafter watching a movie. Guess that will get me all charged up:)	1
Can wait till this class is over with and I can go home! hateschool tired	I hope the time in school gets better over the next few days.	1
Got lots of house viewings today, so casually the pigs decide to kick all their bedding out their cage all over my bedroom floor	It is great to have showings for the house I just need these pigs to behave!	1
Get into payment by card click the payment and then Temporary Error comes up.come on :(:( unfare	I will try my payment again, and it has got to work this time!	1
really feel sorry for my sis. She also paid over 200 for alterations, now told seamstress has left - panic PANIC	Does anyone know a good seamstress? I'm trying to help my sister find a new one.	1
Fuck knows why I bother saying no to this child cos not once has he listened. Just does it anyway. Massive waste of breath. kids	My child does not listen to me, but I know if I keep trying eventually she will get through to her.	1
how do i manage to make such a mess of my room when all i do is sit in one spot all the time.	I always surprise myself with my strange abilities to do things without being aware of it!!	1
Sorry for the lack of tweets the next few days guys..open house is Monday and we have yet to finish our room! crazydays	I love having action packed days it's great to be always busy.	1
You know that weird neck massage thing adults did to us as kids that most of us found painful af? Where are they now that I actually could use it? justcurious	We have to remember our olden day memories.	1
I am so jealous of all of you who know where y'all are going to school next year.	Ready to know where I'm going to school. Admissions come at me	1
Learn lines in a week, down payment for college in two weeks, speech next Saturday, work, homework, keep a social life, etc.	Learn lines in a week, down payment for college in two weeks, speech next Saturday, work, homework, and keep a social life to ease the rigor of it all - at the end, I shall have completed my months' to-do.	1
Just cannot cop a break. I'm trying here man, I'm trying! What's the point though? I don't get anywhere.	I cannot cop a break. I'm trying, but I feel I don't get anywhere. But I have to keep trying, because I'm not the kind of person who gives up.	1
That moment you have cataract surgery tomorrow and your wife and mother in law are stuck 6 1/2 hours away with car trouble.	I hope my wife and mom reach the hospital in time for my surgery tomorrow.	1
It sucks being the child with high standards set for you. Especially when you can't understand what you're supposed to learn.	It is difficult being given high standards as a child when you don't understand. But it is nice knowing you are the best.	1
I hate having so much to do that you can't do anything because you're thinking about all of the other things you have to do	I have been so busy lately but it feels good to have things to do.	1
Of course the internet would stop working when I'm on season 5, episode 14 of Breaking Bad	How the internet would stop working when I'm on season 5, episode 14 of Breaking Bad is unnerving, but not to worry, I will get myself something else to do as I wait for it to return.	1
After the day I've had at work today I feel like smacking my head against a wall! stressed	Even though I had a hard day at work at least now it's over so I can take time to relax.	1
Doing dishes laundry and sweeping the house and cleaning the bathroom at 230 AM sad tryin to stay busy so I don't have to think	I keep myself busy with household chores to avoid overthinking and diverting myself to doing things that make me happy.	1
Trying to do better and finding some way to fail miserably anyways. Screw you too life	It feels like screwing up life to fail miserably, while trying to do better.  But will continue finding some way, anyway.	1
If I can make it through these next Two weeks I promise I won't procrastinate this bad ever again! ProcrastinationAtItsBest	I've learned my lesson on procrastination. I'm determined to not put things off next time.	1
Can't wait till opening day I need a day in the woods and a few days after that can't wait!	I'm so thankful that I have the ability to take a vacation into the woods.	1
This week needs to end, started off wrong and it's still going wrongso overwhelmed and everything is just going wrong.	This week started off wrong, but I know by the end of the week things will get better	1
Me and Carsyn are dropping out of school and moving to Florida.. See y'all on the other side	Moving to Florida will be awesome having Carsyn by my side	1
Up late doing homework Gonna make a coffee All it needs is some vodka now	I am going to sleep so well later on.	1
Running round at 100 mph to try and get everything prepared and packed for Christmas because UKStorm is ruining all my plans	Life is so busy with Christmas coming and the UK storm. It is an exciting time.	1
So stressed, I'm about to cry. Please come back so I can cuddle with you. lonely	Feeling so stressed and lonely, but so grateful to have you to cuddle and make everything better.	1
Did you knowMore teenagers worry MOST about schoolwork issuesmore than any other aspect of going back to school?	Of course teenagers worry about schoolwork more than other issues of the school, but schoolwork is important so that's understandable.	1
Undone project due tomorrow , didnt do my math homework and need to go to tutoring tomorrow morning	My homework load is teaching me not to procrastinate. Every day is a new opportunity to get ahead	1
Whoever thinks wedding planning is fun is crazy! I havent slept in 2 days from it and I dont think Ill be getting much sleep anytime soon	I can't wait to have my wedding and marry my best friend!	1
My day consists of packing and running around like a chicken with its head cut off.	I think I'm going to take a day off from packing today to get some other errands done.	1
Today is one of those days at work where I want to just sit on the floor and cry tired	Today is one of those days at work when I feel very tired. But also, I'm glad that I have a work.	1
Stressed out? Money, time, kids, aging parents, the job, teen troubles? Escape is a click away!	You should escape from your problems with a travel!	1
Why does everything have to be so much harder than you want it to be.	If good things are hard to achieve, it's time to put in a little more effort, and then we'll start seeing them.	1
Looking forward to ballet class tonight. Need to destress big time! This weekend away cannot come soon enough!	I'm glad I'm going to have a ballet class tonight. Having class helps me to relax and forget the bad times.	1
But aye, on a note, I got court in the morning, Odds are, ya bois bouta be on probation. please help me thru this very unfortunate situation i have tripped into. This is in regards to a case from 3 years ago involving underage possesion of alc, and a chillum.	I'm going to court for some dumb things I did three years ago. I should just get probation, and I'm going to show that I've grown since then.	1
I'm so confused when it comes to math. I can't even find what homework I need to do.	I should develop a keen sense of interest in math. This would go a long way in helping me stay focussed on the subject.	1
My jaw hurts , my family's being annoying , and I have a lot of homework .	My family are so supportive to do help in homework even my jaw hurts	1
So many decisions to make and things to do within the next month that I'm not even ready for	Getting ready to gear up for some big decisions	1
Yupp it's official.. bio/health sciences/ nursing is not for me. Officially scared and my goosebumps won't go down :(	Thinking about changing major. Scared but it'll be worth it	1
Sometimes it's quite painful to be working on a project where some community members fail to be understanding, patient, or even reasonable. It's like they don't realize that we want this to succeed probably more than they do; It's my deepest passion AND livelihood!	Even if the community doesn‚Äôt support me with a project I love, my desire for it to be okay just gives me encouragement to finish it.	1
Break a leg. Colm's will do. Leave poor RK alone. He's been talking 2 squirels and chasing horses standing on chairs.	I would prefer it if Colm did not participate.	1
Hoping I don't fail all my midterms today.still wondering why I took advanced classes :(	Now that midterms are over I can relax and enjoy myself. I tried my best.	1
is anyone else planning on going to DCU and doesn't have accommodation sorted yet? or am I the only one :( sadface	I don't have my accommodation figured out yet but I am grateful for the opportunity to be a student at DCU.	1
Trying to get on the 20 and two trucks are going at snails pace annoyed	Slow traffic gives me more time to listen to the radio.	1
Fuck HumpDay im gonna tie Wednesday down, ball gag it and slap its tits about till i feel better. badday done now	I hope Wednesday changes my mood and puts me in a better frame of mind.	1
My list of things I need to do this week keeps growing instead of shrinking I think that's wrong	My to-do list keeps growing but I know I can get everything done if I just focus.	1
Ahhhh this either getting a house or a new car is gunna be the death of me	Getting a house or a new car could be a great experience for me.	1
Omg i seriously struggle at minute taking in meetings i have no background in. Prolly took the worst minutes to date.	I have a meeting with my supervisor to get better at minute taking.	1
I'm starting to get confused on my homework assignments. I don't know what I'm supposed to do tonight. <;<;<; toomuchhw	I am getting a little confused on my homework assignments, but I'll take a break, unwind, and approach the assignment with a new perspective and all will be well.	1
Everything has been going wrong in my life yet I have a smile on my face almost everyday!!!	I have a smile on my face almost everyday even though facing struggles	1
Miscommunication is a word that makes me sad- on the Longest day of my life .. . May 22, 2019 Mercy Hospital	Im having a really long day but I know that it will end soon and I can get on with my life.	1
God gives us only things we can handle at a time. God must think I am a bad ass	God gives us only things we can handle at a time. God must think I am special	1
Had the evening from hell!!! Took over 7 hours to get home from manchester fucked	It really took a long time, it took more than 7 hours to get to Manchester.	1
I kinda miss the weekends when i didnt have any plans. when i could just sit here and do nothing. tired	Kinda miss the weekends when I didn't have any plans. So, I can enjoy the alone time.	1
I love you too! I think and I are pulling an almost allnighter to study :(then I am done! thankgod	I love you, too! I should be done with studying after tonight!	1
Can't sleep :( trying 2 think where I might have miss placed it or lost it BusPass	I can't sleep because I lost my bus pass, but I'm going to keep looking because I'm not a quitter.	1
Sometimes, it's just one of those days.. But life stops for no one and yeaaa gotta keep pushing. sad annoyed hurt	It was just a bad day... not a bad life!	1
One person can only do so much before they realize its time to throw in the towel.	Sometimes one needs to accept that you'd better throw the towel. Don't be hard on yourself, some things aren't meant to be. When one door closes, another opens!	1
out all week long. Took a long shower and now masking my face since the stress has been making it	I have been really stressed lately but I will feel better after I can relax	1
I really hate having that fuck everybody attitude , but it's how I feel right now . I swear ima clear it on every fucking body .	I know the way I am feeling right now, I actually dont like to have this attitude of fuck everybody. But I am sure that is what I going to do, if I donot change my thinking.	1
Guys I am sick and coughing. I hope I have not caught the virus. I am going to try to wait it out till Monday to go to the doctor. I have been under stress lately so that could be why to. sick	I am going to meet a doctor to get well soon.	1
Excuse me while I go have a mental breakdown in the corner and cry. Just cry	Feel like having a mental breakdown but I can pull myself up from feeling like this and be back at my peak.	1
Waiting on financialaid is stressful and my kid is supposed to move into her dorm less than 2 weeks. Classes will start soon. This should be done already cause we did ours early	I'm so thankful that I have financial aid for my kids that is going to college soon.	1
Is it just me or is whispering in the library more annoying than actually talking finals	I need to learn how to ignore distractions and focus on studying.	1
The essay I am writing about mental health is causing me so much stress that it's affecting my mental health. But at the same time it's shown me how I have alot to be greatful for.	School can be stressful, but I'm thankful for the lessons I'm learning. They show me that I'm not alone, there are many others like me, and I can have a bright future.	1
Don't understand why people are still going out this close to exams?! A hangover is a revision day wasted. needtogetintouni	I understand that people need to be more careful and responsible, but I have no power on their decision so I need to focus more on myself.	1
I blame the Czech media's false and made up accusations for Berdych's loss today. He looked distant throughout	I hope Berdych has better luck going forward and does not take to heart the comments made by the Czech media.	1
Saying I'm is the biggest understatement. My chest is seriously about to explode. I've already cried today.	I'm feeling really stressed out, but I will have to do something nice for myself soon.	1
Cringing over the fact that transcripts come out tomorrow and I won't see it till Friday	Waiting for Friday when I will have all the transcripts for ready reference.	1
Not sure if my canvas is messed up or if my professors have collectively decided to stop grading my assignments	I believe my teachers decided to take a break from the assessments, because mine are stopped.	1
shoot outs make me ridiculously nervous and jumpy. Gonna be up all night now. Chicago Five0SaysNo	There was a shoot out in my neighborhood. I am thankful that I am safe.	1
Woke up to an email about book store voucher and I'm just like "fuck, this semester is really about to start"	I'm so excited and grateful for a new opportunity to study and achieve my goals!	1
I always think I'm stressed out to the max, then something comes along and proves me wrong.	Life is filled with some many stressors and challenges but the more I experience the better I become at handling them.	1
just want to hide under my covers and forget about working in 2 hours. tired	I think I want to take a nap for 2 hours	1
Going fishing all night with a cooler of cold ones since you don't wanna talkconfused thinking	Even though you don't want to talk, I'm glad I still have fishing and beer.	1
That hypertensive moment when it's the day before you travel, your house looks like it's in chaos and you still haven't packed.	Although my house is messy, I can't wait to travel and enjoy myself.	1
pinginnya memanjakan diri dgn black forest, cokelat, and nothing to think and do for this time.	There is nothing really to do right now.	1
Todays run time sucked. :-( feeling pretty down. 3 wks straight of nodaysoff training must be catching up with me.	I did a little run today so I can be healthy and do more tommorow.	1
Bloody mad goose chase trying to get a bus to work this morning! Forget it's Saturday. The sooner I pass my test the better!	My test will be over with soon, and I'll get to have some fun!	1
I am a horrible exam taker as is so making me do a multiple essay exam will be grounds for me to automatically fail it.	I need to practice taking exams, I am sure after a few practice papers I will be an expert.	1
Im a mess, plus Im beyond sick, plus I have so much to do and Im leaving in a day	It's hard being sick and having so much to do, before I leave tomorrow.	1
I just got out of an 8 hour shift at blow jobs and I am in the worst mood. I need drinks. someonetextme	I had a super long shift which was awful, but I'm going to really enjoy tonight which makes it worth it.	1
Sometimes I really can't read you I feel like you're in a mood with me and I don't know what I've done wrong. upset	I hope I get better at reading you so that I can get a better idea about what's on your mind.	1
I HATE IT WHEN I feel good as new one day, then I'm sick like a dog the next day	I feel good as new one day I try to be positive.	1
All of a sudden I forget how to drive  just turned off my car without putting it on park. School gots me fucked up already.	All of a sudden I forget how to drive just turned off my car without putting it on park. School gots me fucked up already.	1
If I can just make it through the next 10 days, I think I'll be ok.	I'm going to go through these next 10 days and relax a bit once I'm done!	1
I was able to fall asleep at 9 but of course now at 1am I am wide awake	People usually have problems falling asleep but this problem goes away with time.	1
I have changed so much over the past two years. I used to eat nothing when I was stressed. Now, I eat everything in sight.	I have changed so much over the past two years. I have grown a lot on some aspects but one thing that changed for worse is strees-eating.	1
I really need to learn how to relaxI can't keep doing this to myself tired sore tense	I hope I can divert my mind and relax for a bit, as this is somewhat tiring.	1
Can i just crawl in a hole and stay there for the rest of the week? tired	I wish I could crawl and stay in a hole to enjoy some peace of mind.	1
Got up late so it was a big rush to get everyone to school. Got there in time.	Even after waking up late today, thankfully I got to school on time.	1
Fuck finals ; fuck studying ; fuck everything!!!! I feel like crying  "you can do it I belie	so many things to do I have to dedicate myself more to be free. I know it will pass soon I just need to concentrate	1
Who Evers smart idea it was to put C3 and English lit on the same day needs a bollocking!	I have C3 and English lit on the same day; looks like I'll be learning a lot!	1
Im starting to feel extremely overwhelmed with everything I have to do so naturally all I want to do is lay in a ball on the couch	I am starting to feel extremely overwhelmed to lay on the bed.	1
So much to do, so little time that i have practically forgot everything I need to do.	I'm ambitious and have a lot to get done, I'd like to learn to be more organized so that I remember everything I need to do.	1
Off early to Sheffield tomorrow. Tracking down some dodgy chromosomes in the morning and off to see my Lifetime Favourite Production - in the afternoon (providing we both survive the morning and aren't hideously delayed at) ?	Off early to Sheffield tomorrow. Tracking down some dodgy chromosomes in the morning and off to visually perceive my Lifetime Favorite Engenderment - in the afternoon (providing we both survive the morning and aren't hideously delayed at) ?	1
I have this horrible feeling I won't be sleeping well the next few days. .	I need to plan to be able to sleep in the next few days	1
2 weeks and im away from these horrible people called "family" hope everything goes ok during the 2weeks	It's two weeks before I finally have some time to myself, I believe my family isn't doing me very well.	1
I seriously wish I wasn't in this truck, is rather be on the field to get stuff off my mind.	Being on the field would have been better than being in this truck, as I would have got some relaxation.	1
I think that my teachers got together and decided to give me all the home work humanly possible and make it due on the same day.	I'm going to focus and get all of my homework done.	1
So I finally reached breaking point tonight.. Stress has built up so much I cried uncontrollably for an hour	I cried for an hour tonight. It feels good to let go of stressful feelings.	1
The amount of things I need to accomplish this week is unreal. Holy shit I'm going to die stressed	I have a lot of things to do this week. If I don't get organized it will be a very stressful week.	1
Can I have a life remote so I can fast forward through this week to next Tuesday	Looking forward to next Tuesday	1
I seriously have too much to do from now and the end of the year and not enough time	I have a lot to do but if I challenge myself I will get some amazing results by the end of the year.	1
Don't know how I am going to move house, start a new job and get all my uni work finished within the next few weeks	It will feel so good after it is all done!	1
Do u think If I started crying to the event manager at Manchester town hall she might actually help me? ThisIsBollocks	I think I am going to need a new approach as what I am doing at the moment is not getting anything out of the event manager.	1
Literally made the train to Preston by the skin of my teeth! I hate London transport!	I made the train to Preston on the last second! I'm very lucky!	1
So much work to do, so little time. So many things need to be done, so little time.	Busy busy. Lots to do. Feeling productive	1
sometimes I think I'm going to have a metal break down with every thing I go through in life	Every hard thing I go through in life makes me more mentally resilient	1
Oh student finance application this is the third time I've done you please be less complicated	It seems that today the student loan application is having problems, this is the third time I have tried to access it.	1
Ahhh less than 5 months till our wedding day.. Who knew details in a wedding were so crucial..	Only 5 months left until our wedding. Planning all the details will help the day go smoothly.	1
Goin to bed early 2night! I have finals and the stupid dinner Dance tomorrow and I have to get everything done history finals	I have such an exciting life with lots of school work and a dinner dance.	1
It's boring to be normal :-/ I'm tryna be different but nothing is working out right !! boring	I hope I get into interesting projects so that I get some spice back into my life soon.	1
Cant do it! Im getting WORSE! Im over thinking it!!!! Help!? This game isnt for fun, its very serious!?	Any time now I am going to understand this game and get good at it.	1
Professor told me he can tell how stressed I am based on how heavily dot my i's on my quizzes. Today the dots very big and dark	Professor told me he can tell how stressed I am based on how heavily dot my i's on my quizzes. Today the dots are very big and dark. I hope this is not true.	1
That moment when you are so pissed and all you wanna do is cry. :'( frustations	I'm so angry right now I could cry, but without these moments I wouldn't be the person I am right now	1
Off to Manila. Ugh its so early I hate this. Got a wedding gig today. Hay so sleepy.  needmoney	I am really happy I got a wedding gig today and the possibility to make some money	1
Leaving soon, not even dressed, desperately need a pee and my step dads been in the bathroom for 30 minutes	These scenarios show me that I always have to choose the bathroom first.	1
I'm tired of this place. God show me where I need to be the next 4 years of my life. I need confirmation	I am tired of this place, but hereafter I won't be like this I am going to live a new life.	1
Timing is not on my side lately. I am so not ready for this week It's going to be so rough.	I hope this week is not going to be rough as timing is not on my side lately.	1
There's a clock in my house that is inexplicably set to one hour after all the other clocks and I do not know why. haunted send help	Need to change one of my clocks as it's set an hour late.	1
After being sick for 3 weeks the end of the semester snuck up on me. So much to do in so little time. Lord, please help me	Facing the end of semester after 3 weeks of sickness with so much to do is something difficult, but God will help me cope up with it.	1
Seriously need to start making a start on Christmas ! Just wish i had an imagination an knew what to get people	I have to begin the Christmas chores soon after finding out about the likings of people.	1
That horrible moment when you have no idea how to set out your essay that's due at the start of January!!! crisis	I don't know how to start my essay, but I'm so thankful I have until January to figure it out!	1
Considering I finished work so early I'm only now getting in :( what a horrible day	Considering I finished work so early, I'm only now getting in. But it's okay, I'm glad that I made it.	1
I'm in one of those moods where anything anyone says is annoying and you want to just yell at the world. frustrated	I'm in one of those moods where anything anyone says is annoying, and you want to just yell at the world, I should try and relax and think of the positives.	1
Who told me nursing school was a good idea who ever u are i hate you too	Sometimes nursing school can be rough, but I know I can push myself to finish.	1
Gonna cost me 500 bucks for a new fuel pump plus the money for labor. SOO	Even though it is expensive, I cannot help but change this fuel pump, it is very important that everything works correctly.	1
I am literally fucked tmrrw..two midterms and paper due Thursday havent even started why did i do this to myself	I hope we get to Thursday quickly so that I can be done with all my papers for this week.	1
Thinking about all the homework I have this weekend and how little time I have to do it	I'll organize myself and that way I'll be able to do all my homework	1
Have a bunch of stuff to start thinking about, and don't wanna have to make these hard decisions, oh well that's life for ya	Someone will decide for me if I won't.	1
A pack a day is pretty gay. But hey. Gotta do what ya gotta do "tell me about it.. I just chaind 3 :(	I smoked three packs today, but I'm going to try to quit.	1
I swear it's been a bad day I just wanna curl up in a ball and cry my eyes out. Sadtweet	Feeling sad is part of the experience of being alive! I'm glad I get to experience these emotions!	1
Every now and then I just feel like I want/need to cry. Tonight is one of those times. Today's been terrible. emotional pissy	Today has been a really emotional roller coaster, I know tomorrow I will feel better though	1
I can't even force my self to take a day off if I wanted it	I love my work so much I dread having to take a day off.	1
Looking for apartments and a new pup so my dog has a friend God I hate growing up.	I hope to get a new apartment and a pup soon, so that I can settle down.	1
When people are involved in more things than I am I always wonder how they do it.	I definitely can't do more than one thing at the same time, I admit the people who can.	1
I am already in need of a break from school/work and it hasn't even really started yet. bummed	I'm tired from school and work, but I think I'm able to push myself and go all the way	1
I've never been more unhappy with a rehearsal in my life. and we have one week to get it together.	I've never been more unhappy with a rehearsal in my life It makes me happy.	1
I swear all the teachers at bloom got together and planned to give everyone 24 tests this week	Teachers are supposed to make students have tests so it's normal.	1
Another day down in my 8 year adventure still easy but super stressful damn I wish	It's been 8 years and I'm going through this stress again, I hope that	1
will I end up passing my term paper for communications that's due on Thursday morning? college communications help termpaper finalseason sendhelp	Despite the little issues, I'm sure I'm going to get past the term paper for communications!	1
Being so tired u can't sleep, along with the 2366432 things running thru your mind.	Too tired to sleep. So why not meditate instead to calm myself down and feel positive?	1
when I have to study but my head is pounding and I feel so sick! can't wait for this semester to be over	When the semester is over, I'm going to feel better	1
I need to get back on the ice! I'm going crazy with college, homework, and teachers. Someone shoot a puck at me please	I am fed up with college, homework and teachers, but something tells me that I will go back home soon and enjoy with my parents.	1
I havent been here long and I already feel bad for having to stay with lexie this week. Hahaha	One week is all it takes to put up with Lexie. Thereafter, I can be on my own:)	1
I wish I had my own house! At least I'd know the bills will be paid. Annoyed Stressed that much more determined to find another job	Determined to get a new job and my own house	1
Why not? Should not have been my logic in taking on a business minor. scared n	I need to start buckling down and studying, so I can succeed in my business major.	1
Text me if your at the crown game. Im here. But i cant find my friends	Text me if you're at the crown game looking forward to seeing you! I need to plan better next time so you can meet my friends as well instead of us all being lost.	1
my logic is as long as I meet bench mark in math and science my reading and english should bring up my score . wishfulthinking	When I have clear ideas in my study area, then I can balance my notes.	1
I just want to slip away into a deep sleep and not wake up tired	I have been feeling tired when I wake up, but I am grateful that I have many positive things in my life right now.	1
Stressing out!!! I'm moving in a little over a month and I have to buy a car, a laptop, and have surgery yet.	I hope the things I have planned for the next month go smoothly so that I am in a better place.	1
fedup of stupid 2 faced people. about mocks too. Got so much stuff going on I hate it.	I really don't like people who aren't true to their feelings, it makes me even worse when there's a lot going on.	1
4 days and 1 test are between me and a week and a half to do absolutely nothing exhausted	Hey, only a single test until I'm off and can sit and chill for over a week!	1
By the end of this semester I will be a 20yr old trapped in a 1000yr old body.	The fact that I feel older, means that I am smart!	1
So much going on in my life right now. I honestly don't know what to do with myself	My life is stressful right now but I'm able to handle it	1
Please help me!!! Basware has been out of action for a week now and I still can't get on it :'(	Basware has been out of action for a week now and I still can't get on it. I have to find a way.	1
I drink 6 beers during a hornets game. 1 each quarter, 1 at halftime, and an extra for 4th/OT.I had 8 in that Panthers first half	I am going to have a fun night!	1
Hate Easyjet website with a passion. Booked my flights yet says it can't find me, arggghhh.	Easyjet app servise could use some improvment	1
I had Show Choir auditions and Cougarette auditions both in the same day today at the same times	The auditions stressed me out but at least I have auditions to attend so that's good.	1
Of course the biggest athletic story of the year breaks the week before finals. busy annoyed can't imagine how others feel	I don’t like the biggest athletic story of the year breaking before the finals.	1
Being an fan and a fan may be the most stressful thing Ill ever have to deal with	Being a fan is a stressful thing; the benefits are great, though.	1
This feels like a tough week. Its only tuesday and Ive already had far too many meltdowns. exhausted .	This week is almost over so my anger will be gone once it is over.	1
This day is just getting worse as it goes on. I can only handle so much bad news in one day	I hope a good night's sleep will turn my fortunes around and make the rest of the week better.	1
I just want to be able to get through a week, just one week, without feeling stressed.	They say after the hard times come the good times, so after these weeks I believe it will be better.	1
and I are going to shoot each other at the same time to get out of the rest of this week and next week GoodByWorld	I don't know how I'm going to make it through this week, so I'm going to reach out for help.	1
I do not have time to bullshit my weekend, finals are in like 5 days :(	Finals are in like 5 days! So I have to make the most of my time during the weekend.	1
Finally going to get out of my current living situation thankgod been goin thru it the last couple of days	inally going to get out of my current living situation thankgod everything worked well	1
It may have taken me longer to get my life going but at least I'm doing it.	It may have taken me longer than others to decide what I wanted to do with my life, but now that I have, the sky is the limit!	1
The invitations are in the mail. Now we HAVE to make it happen! stressed quickwedding 2 months to go	I am stressed about the upcoming event but that means that something exciting is about to happen so it's good.	1
This cold sore is so uncomfortable. This is the 1st time I've ever gotten one. My lipscan't take it  I'm such a baby.	The cold sore I have won't last for a long time so at least I will feel better later on.	1
Me and computers don't work well together..trying to do a storyboard for regionalrally but it's going badly!! yfccomps	Maybe after this project is done I can take some classes and get better at using a computer!	1
hate how all that seems to be the talk in grade 12 is university and marks	There's a lot of talk about university and marks in grade 12, this is making me think a lot about my future and the things I want to accomplish	1
Basically done with my "how to" app, but I am just now brainstorming how I'll mount it. And its due at 9am.	I have a lot to thank for finishing all the tasks of the "how to"	1
Downstairs so I can get some sleep now its gonna take me forever to fall back asleep.	It will be better if I go downstairs and sleep now as otherwise it would take a long time for me to fall asleep.	1
Why is it only the last night before my exam my ideas begin to flow :/	Going forward, I should begin studying earlier than one day before for my exams. I think it would improve my grades and get my ideas flowing.	1
Can not wait for a week of work bloody hairs going to start falling out!	The sooner you start working, the easier it will be after you deal with stress.	1
Can not wait to get to the gymmm later long steam and jaccuzi is on the cards	I'm glad I get a chance to relax after everything I've been through.	1
This guy looked up a graph showing historical sea levels to talk about the origin of the flood myths why stop crying toomuch	Ancient flood myths might be explained with his graph of historical sea levels	1
It really sucks going to work in the morning then not getting home until late I hardly get to spend anytime with my kids	I enjoy when I finally get off work as I am able to spend time with my Kids.	1
I'm stuck again at a time in my life where every time I turn around, something else goes wrong	Things aren't going well for me now, which means that they can only look up soon.	1
It's very hard to focus on ..anything.. when there's a Lex Luthor-like madman making a beeline for the White House.	I hope the coming days are better even though the White House is getting occupied by Trump for the coming 4 years.	1
If you think it's a good idea to give an exam the week before finals, you are wrong	Teachers should really rethink giving exams the week before finals.	1
Way too stressed :/ who wants to get out of MN for a vacation? seriously	My current situation is such that a vacation outside MN will surely relax and rejuvenate me.	1
In one of those moods where everything just annoys me , Just feel like crying really .	I feel bad when I get annoyed, but I try best to overcome it.	1
These last two weeks have been the busiest two weeks of my life it feels like. I'm just so tired and still have SO much to do.	Even though I am tired because of how busy I have been during these weeks at least it means that I have things to do and that my life is active.	1
Government obvs trying to save money and ended up using the worst company can't book my skills tests anywhere!	I can't book my skills tests anywhere, but I know I'll get past this soon.	1
That moment when you realize you have a lot of crap to get done and life was better while on vacation! thestruggle takemeback	That moment when you realize that you have a lot of things to get done and life was better while on vacation. Already looking forward to the next one.	1
It's safe to say its been a bad day when you cry at Hell's Kitchen	Tonight's Hell's Kitchen really brought the emotion out of me.	1
Definitely been hiding from life lately. Of course I think of all of this as I'm trying to sleep.	Life has been a bit tough on me, but I hope to get some sleep to feel better.	1
RU stressed RE work or friends? Tapas Acupressure works w/ free script for BIG issues. Easy to follow guide	If you are stress, Tapas Acupressure will help you a lot.	1
waking up to an email saying you have a paper due today you thought was due thursday!	Wake up to an email saying you have a job due today that you thought would be Thursday and be grateful that you read the email on time!	1
With all the frustration i have built up after work i should take up boxing or something! UGGHHH seriously	I'm going to use all my accumulated stress to start some sport	1
I wish i could be off work now, I have so much stuff to do	I have to organize my schedule to do my tasks and then rest	1
what time is gold medal game? You're advertising 6am est but guide is showing 7am est?	I need to know when will the gold medal game take place.	1
I'm almost crying because I bought some new fluffy socks and ripped a hole in them when I took the tag off.. Think I need sleep	I hope I get to exchange the shoes that I have bought today which seem defective.	1
Thanks SNHU for having all Lit 200 classes only holding up to 10 kids, how the fuck do you expect us to get in?	SNHU's Lit 200 classes only have up to 10 kids, but I'm hopeful that I'll get in. Fingers crossed.	1
Traveling to Indiana and I've had 2 blown tires  man do I miss my hometown Tennessee	New skill learned on the way to Indiana - I can now add tire changer to my resume ! Have had 2 blown tires to practice with so far.	1
Im so exhausted but I cant sleep bc I have so much on my mind.	Even though I am tired my mind is still very active after a busy day, my brain loves to work.	1
Half of my problems with school work was done, but today it just added up.	I was really close to finishing my school work, today has added up a little, but if I keep up my pace I will be done with it soon	1
MondayMotivation was weak today. Doctor's appointment went okay, rest of the day seemed to be a struggle. stepmomstruggle	The doctor appointment going well today was a lot to ask for, so I can handle the other issues.	1
Starting to wonder if my boss actually was serious when he said that we have to be done 10.30	It will be a challenge to get the work done by 10:30 when my boss wants it.	1
It's crazy how once you start working and going to school all you want to do in your free time is lay in bed and sleep.	It's crazy how once you start working and going to school all you want to do in your free time is lay in bed and sleep. I guess I'm having a good night of sleep today.	1
Visiting your past hurts. I need to get away, these next 4 months need to come faster!!	Visiting your past is not always good. I hope these next four months come faster.	1
I just don't know what to do .. Sick .. do I get rest or finish these projects? Health or Education ??	I'm pretty sure that If I rest I will get better, and then I get to finish my projects!	1
21:38pm and i have only just sat down from 6:40am and i havn't had t yet. Roll on a night of nothingness.	When I focus on stopping procrastinating, time won‚Äôt matter because I can do my homework.	1
Worst case scenario just happened. Fml. This month has definitely been the worst month of 2016 so far. Nothing is going my way.	It has been a rough month so the next ones are sure to be better.	1
I woke up in the middle of with low grade frver, cough and I am missing my voiceshoulf worry?	I woke up feeling sick but I am trying to wake up a bit and feel better.	1
sounds sad, but I can't wait for all these distractions to be over and then I can knuckle down and do some proper revision	The good thing about all these distractions is when it's over I'll be more focused and do a more appropriate review.	1
I've been exhausted and had the worst headache and dizzy spells all day and now it's time to sleep, I'm wide awake!!!  cantsleep	I hope I can sleep for sometime after this exhausting day with a headache.	1
Need to stop crying before work. I'm going to get asked so many questions if they see me sad or crying.	It is normal to cry. Everyone has a bad day and I know there are going to be a lot of questions at work but this is normal. It shows that they care about me.	1
Been waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to sad the past 2 days. Need to get happy don't see that happening though :( sad realitysucks :(	Need to get happy don't see that happening though hope for tomorrow	1
just realised i tweeted an angry tweet almost once a minute for 10mins.. oops sorry folks.	The next time I get angry, I'll take a deep breath instead of tweeting angry	1
It would freaking fantastic if I could fall asleep and stop having an anxiety attack for no good reason	Anxiety is momentary, If I just keep my mind off things, it will pass and everything will be ok.	1
That was the biggest waste of my time. Now to do homework until the wee-hours of the morning.	That was a great use of my time. Now to do homework to extend my knowledge	1
Literally had the worst day ever and now to end the day I can't get to sleep whyme	I had a difficult day and now to end the day I can't get to sleep, but I'll take this opportunity to think about the things I can be thankful for.	1
I cannot wait for this week to be over and for a break from school.	After I am done with this week at school, I will get a much deserved break!	1
How am I supposed to focus on school when tens of thousands of other things are running through my head..?	It's hard to focus on school, when other things are running through my head, but I'm strong, and I know I can do this.	1
Wish i could be left in peace for just 5 minutes when I get home from work :-(	I hope to enjoy some peace of mind for 5 minutes when I return from work.	1
If you dont consider resigning at least once a week, are you really in ministry?	If you don't consider resigning at least once a week which is great	1
I wanna go back to school so bad, but I don't know what I want to do.	I would like to go back to school but I hope to decide soon about what I wish to do.	1
I hate this feeling its driving me crazy God plz come to my rescure :(	I am feeling terrible right now, but I know that this too shall pass, and I will feel better again and become stronger.	1
Figuring out my classes for highschool, they give us like 10 choices then ask us to pick 7 -_-	Even though I am confused on the picks I have to do for classes, I am sure I will eventually figure it out because people explain things at school.	1
Only thing preventing me from laying on the train tracks is my trip on the 14th.	I'm really looking forward to my trip on the 14th, I have needed the break.	1
I have absolutely no time to study for exams with all this homework I have	I'm sure I can manage to study for the exams and do my homework if I organize my day to fit everything in it.	1
There has to be someone out there with a civic looking for alloys, just buy them off me :( ahh	Soon enough, my alloys will be sold to a civic owner!	1
chillmode waiting for pizza about to smash !! lol but stressed wanna cry but ima be great and	I am stressed but the fact that I will have a pizza makes me feel better.	1
Wtff I hate when they make parties at my house now they making me clean my room :(	It's great that people can come to my house and celebrate, having a party and my room will be nice and clean after I sort it out.	1
Need to take the tube to the other side of London, check-in for the conference and start my presentation in 30 minutes. norush	Only half an hour and I'll be ready to start my presentation at the conference, better hurry up to get there!	1
One of the worst days so far, and crying in front of my history teacher did not help.	One of the worst days so far, thankgod this is over and better days are coming.	1
HELP! Anyone know why over the past wk I've started to set the alarms off going in/out of shops. No jewellery/new clothes/phone.	I'm not sure why I set off alarms in stores, but I'm just glad I'm an honest person who doesn't shoplift.	1
The first week of school is over. Needless to say I won't have a life this semester	I'm aiming to improve my grades this semester and get one step closer to my goal!	1
Waitin for to arrive at work with no more dissertation stress! Woooo finally the normal claire back	Just a bit more before the end of work and no more dissertation stress! It's great to have the normal Claire back!	1
Trying to take things one week at a time. F*ck one day at a time! I'm gonna need this semester to hurry up and be over.	Waiting for this semester to end so, I can enjoy.	1
I really hate violence. I can't stand screaming and physical violence always leads to more violence.	The best way to resolve conflict situations is to act peacefully	1
I have to find money to get to the concert. I already bought my shoes and they are not going to waste!	TIme to start budgeting, so I can make it to the concert and wear my new shoes!	1
I'm not good at change, I have to much of it going on and I'm not liking it. I wish things would go back to how they should be.	Change has been hard for me in the past, but I'm working toward being able to accept it.	1
trying to study and my stomach is killing me :/ i'm just trying to make sure i don't fail.	All of this studying is making my stomach hurt but it will be over soon.	1
It's days like today I wish I was still a child and had my mummy to do everything for me. Dont like this adult world!	It's days like today I wish I was still a child and had my mom to do everything for me. Life is hard, but if it wasn't, I would never learn like I'm learning now.	1
Thank God or make-up to cover the dark circles under my eyes and caffeine to keep me awake. TheZombieLife	I will drink a little more of caffeine just so I can keep working and advancing on my goals.	1
Holy crazy day at work. Being 'in charge' is a scary, yet exciting endeavor. tired	Being the leader gives me the ability to prove myself, and it makes me happy.	1
Is it a bad thing to have to much work  literally Feels like I got a trowel in one hand and my diary in the other	Having a lot of work gives me purpose in life.	1
My anxiety level today is astronomical. Final checkoff tomorrow at 8:30. Lord please just let me pass this last one	I need to calm down to do this test, it is important for my future!	1
Ok. I've had enough for one night. I'm going to sleep. Yeah, right. I mean I'm going to bed. MAYBE I'll fall asleep.	I’ve had a busy day and I will feel a lot better if I could sleep well.	1
I just have so much going through my mind. Thank you, I appreciate you checking up on me.	My mind is racing right now but I'll be alright. Thank you for being concerned.	1
Clipped Pipers nails for the first time! It was just as upsetting for me as her! My poor baby	Sp proud of piper for letting me clip her nails for the first time. Wasnt nice for me but wasn‚Äôt nice for her either.	1
I tried so hard and got so far, but in the end it doesn't really matter."	I have put in my best efforts. I hope the results are good.	1
Breathe in Breathe out. I can do this. Why do I feel like I wanna puke or pass out.	Breathe in Breathe out. I can do this. I don't feek so good right now but if I breath I will be fine	1
Met 2 encouraging women in the past 2 days that are sooo about to be my lifecoach and not even know it  I need to be uplifted;	Loving the uplifting women I've brought into my life	1
How am I doing right now? Well I just accidentally dropped a whole roll of toilet paper in a flushing toilet..thats how Im doing	I dropped the whole roll of toilet paper in the toilet, Im sure I am not the first person to do this	1
Sitting in a 9hr food and safety class is not okay with me right now	I'm going to sit through this 9hr food and safety class because it means I can work at more places.	1
get you someone who will have pizza delivered to your door cause youre stressed and hangry	I will be having a pizza since I am stressed so that's good at least.	1
Maybe I should have done this research paper a week ago instead of the day before it's due..	Time to buckle down and get this research paper done that due tomorrow.	1
So much work to do and I'm sick as hell! Ugh. Need strength to get thru this 8 hours, and then still go home and be a mom.	So much work to do but luckily I'm feeling great. I have lots of strength to get thru this 8 hours, and then still go home and be a mom.	1
A hug, long vent session, and a study buddy are the only things that will get my through the rest of this week.	At l know the important things through going through a hard time, having a friend to vent and study with is important.	1
Laptop charged committed suicide. Now I have to stay late at the office to get everything done	My laptop charger broke, but thankfully I can still finish my work by staying later at the office.	1
ah, just sent the wrong half of the tweet and then spelled the right half wrong..my brains not working anymore	Just made a simple mistake that I'm sure nobody will care too much about tomorrow.	1
Why is this happening to me? The lord knows am not strong enough to go through it sigh headache	I need to think I'm strong enough to get through this	1
Going to see sleeping with sirens next week and I just can't get excited :(	I hope a good night's sleep will get me excited for seeing sleeping with sirens next week.	1
I don't think anyone can fathom how badly I want to take a year off from school.	I thank god that when school is over I will be able to take the time off I need so much.	1
When someone can't use the few outlets they have for stress, that person will become	When someone can't use the few outlets they have for stress, it's an opportunity for them to find new ones!	1
I swear if my computer does not work I am going to freak the fuck out!!	I need to use my computer	1
vacation is supposed to be stress free.. I need school so I can focus on something else. :(	Vacation is good, but I like going to school so that I can focus on something else	1
According to The American Institute Of Stress Over 90% of disease is CAUSED or COMPLICATED by stress.	According to The American Institute Of Stress Over 90% of disease is caused or complicated by stress. People have to find means to relieve their stress.	1
I don't hate dogs I just don't want them in my house but I guess that's history now that someone gave a dog.	I need to be more patient with animals, they are noble creatures that are full of love.	1
Ughhh that pit in my stomach when Randall takes the yarn with that look on his face ThisIsUs	Feeling strong emotions while watching Randal shows me that I still have the ability to feel.	1
Group project due Friday, test Thursday, 2 tests to make up, 2 tests next week. My life<;<;<;<;<; notime	Lot of works upcoming I have to prepare for that so, I can perform well	1
Sick of mind games. Why can't people just deal with being told the truth, leave it at that and move on.	Why can't people just deal with being told the truth	1
Fear is just an excuse to try harder." fearful anxious stressed faith hope trying hard	I have to transform all negative thoughts as a means to improve	1
Damn salty biddies () on my insta, like get out of my face and let me live my life	There are a lot of bad people on my social media, but I'm thankful that I can just turn off my screen and go about my day.	1
I don't see why my teachers are cramming everything in the last 2 weeks before spring break.	Just 2 more weeks of work and I will finally be able to enjoy the spring break	1
Swear I'm gonna look like this when I've finished uni revision studying tired stressed einstein scient	When I finish my reviews I’ll be calmer and smarter	1
It would honestly be a miracle if I were to be able to sleep tonight	Need to try something to make sure I can relax and sleep tonight. A meditation app might be the thing!	1
No stream tonight guys. My work meeting has run late, there's been an accident so traffic ain't moving and there's been an issue with the house purchase that I'm frantically trying to sort. I'm sorry I haven't been consistent lately. I really am! life	My work meeting has run late there's been an accident so traffic hope I attend the meeting.	1
DelayMdcat DelayMDCAT2020 DelayMDCAT2020First StudentsLivesMatter Students are because of your Weird policies which you are changing every hour. The cant Focus on their	I wish the university would be more clear about their policy decisions!	1
Ja hai i can't stop thinking about him shame, he is the only thing on my mind sad	I should think about myself more and stop worrying about others.	1
i have so much homework overdue, a 6am practice tomorrow and i'm already exhausted aaaAAAHhh	I'm so happy with how productive all of my days are, I will have so much fun in practice tomorrow!	1
Fastest and cheapest dentist appt in years! Now I jut have to stop grinding and clenching :(	Had such an amazing dentist appointment I'm sure the pain in my teeth will be sorted for then.	1
The Day i die no One even my Closest FriendS will just Cry Because it is the Life and in Something she Begin to Be	The Day I die no one even my closest Friends will just cry that's life	1
All I want to do is break down and cry! Being an adult sucks!! I've never felt so discouraged and stressed!! unhappy	Being an adult is a difficult task, but I can think of at least 3 good things that only adults can do	1
Pretty sure I'll be having a breakdown soon, if not today then sometime this week. exhausted sick	I'm glad I'm feeling better, I'm more willing to continue the routine of the week.	1
I was supposed to get a lot done over this holiday. I have failed miserably. :(	Although I have not completed all things that I planned to get done over the holiday, I am sure that I will finish them soon.	1
One day I just want lay down and not have to worry about a single damn thing	I have the positive in laying down.	1
I NEED a vacation away from EVERYONE! I'm at my breaking point right now. Spring Break hurry up!	I feel like I need some time to myself, but I'm glad spring break is coming up and everything will be fine.	1
No idea if my transmission will hold for one trip to KC much less two.	I hope my transmission holds two trips to KC	1
If my approx. calculations are correct, I need to be done two assignments every week to finish these courses in time. uni	Completing two assignments each week is all it will take to finish my university course on time:)	1
who ever said senior year is easy I want to punch you in the face its so hard :'(	Senior year is tough, but I'm really learning the value of hard work.	1
Walking around tesco and I was about 2 micro seconds away from finding a corner to rock back and forth in, sucking my thumb, blocking the world out. Don't know if I need a punch bag, sedating or a deserted island. crazy anxiety stress	I know that I will find activities that make me mitigate my anxiety, like walking the streets.	1
The moment when you didn't realize you were being registered for class and are now in jeopardy of being withdrawn AND having to pay?	It sure is an inconvenience to have to pay for a class you didn't know you were getting registered for, and that you'll have to get withdrawn from, but it is a lesson to be careful next time.	1
Put that cigarette out, it I'll be forced to take a hit off of it. annoyed grumpy fuck today.	I hope I am not tempted to take a puff of the cigaratte.	1
Have a paper due tomorrow that was given one week ago and im just starting it	Have a paper due tomorrow, and I am just starting it. I will just focus and give my best to get this done!	1
Realized my late hubby drank poison to die in less than 5 secs, and i had to stab myself bc of his selfish butt?	I found out how my husband died, and it's making me realize I need to be good to myself when it comes to relationships from now on.	1
Time management and dealing with a million things at once is clearly not my thing	I have to accept the fact that I have a hard time dealing with too many things at once.	1
literally have a headache just thinking about how much work i have to do before the semester ends stressed canthisbeovera	The fact that the end of semester is near it means it will be over soon and I feel good about this.	1
I say I'll wait for you until you're ready but that's wrong. Hm. yeahok yourecrazy mylife	I’m grateful I realized I don’t need to wait for you all my life.	1
Why am I so lazy at revising?! Page 17, 158 to go to be completed by Friday morning and I'm now working everyday until then!	I need to learn to not procrastinate.	1
Horrible day  if anyone needs me I'll be in my room hiding under my blankets until today goes away StressPosition	I've had a bad day, but sitting around and being sad about it won't get anything done.	1
hey my buddy my moms heart attack was mild but they discovered a clot as well in her right arm :( tough times	Hey buddy! Luckily my mom's heart attack was mild but they also discovered a clot in her right arm. I know she'll get past this.	1
Brb while I literally plan my life for the next two months out down to the second	Brb while I literally plan my life for the next two months out down to the second, being organized is important	1
The thought of college and what I'm going to do for the rest of my life makes me sick. And I'm not even a senior. blahh	I hope I come up with my future plans soon.	1
We don't have school but yet I'm here in my bed at 9am doing my psychology paper that is due tomorrow	The good thing about not having school today is that I can focus on my psychology work and turn it in on time tomorrow.	1
This family Christmas party is crazy. Kids running everywhere and we're running out of room.	I'm glad there are so many people in my family to spend Christmas with!	1
You know you are under a lot of stress when you dream that you are missing your flight and that you are unprepared for a test. In the same dream.	Just a little more and I can stop having these bad dreams about missing my flight and test.	1
The moment you felt so exhausted at work.  haaaaa. Lord give me courage and wisdom. work	Hard work only leaves me the satisfaction that I can rest afterwards.	1
I just want a rack of beer to watch movies to all night frustrated	I would be happy if I have a rack of beer to watch movies.	1
I hate having to leave work to finish work for school Either way I'm falling behind in something!	Sometimes it’s hard to focus on something if I have something else to do. Resting can also help.	1
I don't even smoke but I been feeling like I need to these past few days.	I am not a smoker, but I feel like doing it in the past few days. I hope to get over that feeling soon.	1
I've decided I'm going to London to live in and 's garden lol..I seriously need to move outta here!!	My dream is to live in London and I will achieve it!	1
I have some much homework but I feel like I going to pass out ill	I have so much homework and hope to finish it soon and hang out with my friends.	1
Had a panic attack at work because apparently my temporary medicine is now causing panic attacksI'm still extremely tense but hopefully I'll draw something to relax.ugh	My medicine is causing a panic attack, but it will end eventually.	1
im ab money rn i keep track of all my spending and im concerned im like..? a significant amount off.???? and im Very confused and idk where that money is..? bc i literally???? keep track of EVETYTHING.?	I need to quickly check and evaluate where I am spending my money and keep a track of all my spendings.	1
Off to bed angry and with no music Need someone to punch or just a software fix can't decide GoodNight Quiet AddictedToMusic	Even though I don't have music to listen to before I go to bed, I'm just glad I have a bed to rest my head in at night.	1
So tired yet I can't fall asleep :( too busy about thinking how much stuff I need to finish before Tuesday	I'm tired, but I can't fall asleep. I keep thinking about how much stuff I need to finish before Tuesday. But I should relax, because I know I'm capable of finish all of it.	1
Running round college like a crazy fool coz I have 2 final pieces in for tomorrow	My anxiety is making me running round college because I have 2 final pieces for tomorrow, but I'm good at what I do, and I should just relax.	1
Im so ready for tonight to be over and to have a new start to my week! annoyed	Tonight will be over soon and I'll so thankful that I'll have a whole new start to my week tomorrow!	1
Why are all my exams in the same week and why did my professors not give me study guides until 2 days before the exams?	It seems that all my exams arein the same week.! my professor could have given me the study guides earlier but not to wait until 2 days before the exam.	1
im at the next level of : here, let me just chug caffeine in a super unhealthy way and mentally overwork myself as Im already cramming for school with no time, e v e r. Thank you education system of America for making my life depend on a percentage and letter grade. 1/6	Even though I'm stressed about school, I'm just glad that I have the means to keep moving forward to succeed with it.	1
Did I mention how bad this situation SUCKS! out so bad but thankful we got home safe. Tomorrow will be..I dont even know.	Sometimes situations aren't as we expected but I'm grateful that I got home well	1
My sympathetic nervous system and I are not getting along this week. Keep that cortisol in its place I don't want it!!!	I'm feeling stressed this week, but it'll pass	1
I used to like school but now all that I get from it is stress :( and its not even the work that's stressing me out. school :'(	School is really stressing me out, but there isn't much longer to go now.	1
Physically and emotionally exhausted. Praying for guidance, strength, and clarity. Leaving it in the lords hands.	Even though I am physicall and emotionally tired today, I am sure that with the Lord's guidance I will come back stronger in the coming days.	1
GM, People don't hate what they aren't threatened by. Have a BLESSED one and not a one.	People are not afraid of what does not theaten them.	1
Just gave a fake recorder and editor our YT info.. FML.. I actually believed him.. Damn it.	I was tricked by a fake recorder and editor but at least I have learnt for next time.	1
I am so nervous about my Math average! History: A Science: A- English: B+ Study Skills: A- Spanish: A- Math: ?!	Nervous about my Math average, but I've done my best and so it should be ok.  History: A Science: A- English: B+ Study Skills: A- Spanish: A- Math: ?!	1
Fed up of my backpain, no matter what I do or which drugs I take its just getting worse - any ideas to ease it?! Frustrated	Even though my back pain is at its worst, I'm glad I have a chiropractor appointment scheduled.	1
I can't even focus on school cause all that's on my mind is rooming situations	I hope I solve the rooming situation quickly so that I can concentrate better in class.	1
IAPT staff will be at Age UK Allesley Park Library, Whitaker Rd, CV5 9JE today between 11:45 and 12:45. iapt	So thankful that the IAPT staff will be at age UK today between 11.45 and 12:45	1
I promiseI'm going to go freaking insane. CMAFest planning will be the death of me.	CMAFest planning is stressful, but it will be very rewarding when I am finished.	1
Me too RT: Once this lockdown ends all I want to do is walk outside and eat cake and drink beers. Seriously.	I am eagerly waiting for the lockdown to end so that I can go out and eat cake and drink beer.	1
People usually can't see the tears I try to fight back on a daily basis. INeedASpaDay	I am optimistic that the coming days would be more positive.	1
Just now leaving Myrtle Beach right now and I am actually excited to go home, I really need to not be stressed because people want me to have a fun time where most of the time I just like to relax	I'm finally coming home where I can relax and organize my thoughts	1
How bad would it be to live off bottled water and diet Dr Pepper for the next three weeks? Asking for me. threeweeksuntilthebigtest	It would be bad to live off bottled water and diet Dr. pepper for the next three weeks. But we must be grateful that we have water to survive.	1
Can we just rewind time to when my biggest problem was having some nasty pistachio pudding for dessert?? That'd be nice.	Just because things are hard now does not mean they will always be that way.	1
When you put the volume up one but it's too loud then you put it down one and It's too low	When you put the volume up one, but it's too loud then you put it down one and It's too low. Craziest thing I do.	1
First big anatomy test today AND a physiology quiz :/ my brain hurts from studying all night!	First big anatomy test today AND a physiology quiz :/ my brain hurts from studying all night!  I feel like it was time well spent though.  I'm ready for this test.	1
The anxiety of not knowing what is wrong and having to hold it in sucks. Appointment after appointment.	Im worried about what is wrong but I am being taken care of and I know it will be sorted soon.	1
Realizing that I start exams in two and a half weeks.where did the semester go?! crazy	Two and a half weeks is all it takes to be done with my exams!:)	1
Idk why I can never sleep at night.. Im up not trying to figure out the future for college..	I am thankful that I have had the chance to go to college.	1
I'm big on respect so if you have no respect for me, don't expect me give it back to you	I will give what I receive, only what's fair!	1
Its been like 3 months into school and I legit have over 15 missing assignments bc I have ZERO motivation !!!	It ‘s been like 3 months into school and I have over 15 missing assignments. Hope to get some motivation to finish it.	1
When you work REALLY hard on a paper. Then, you accidentally submit the rough rough draft and fail it. mylife	Mistakes make me grow as a person, especially when I send the wrong files.	1
Last show done. Up the M1 and already chained to laptop working over dinner while throwing endless stuff into washing machine	Getting a lot done today. Finished last show and now multi-tasking by working during dinner and waiting for washing machine to finish.	1
So stressed. Where am I going? What do I want? Why don't I feel excited for what's next? confused frustrated	I hope I am able to figure out what I want for myself so that I can start working towards it.	1
I wake up and my family is pissed at me for no reason. Typical Family Day.	My family is mad at me right now, but I know that means they care about me which is nice.	1
your nail polishes don't ship to the States!! HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE A LITTLE DUCK?!?!	It's a shame your nail polishes does not ship to the States, but I believe I can still find alternatives to become a little duck!	1
I am in desperate need of tea Chia Tea.. with milk and sugar or straight black tea. Yeah	Going to treat myself to an amazing cup of Chia tea.	1
These past two weeks have really pushed me to my breaking point with all this schoolwork.	These past two weeks have really pushed me which is good in one way	1
Have to be out of the house now and still not sure where to go.	I'm pretty sure that even thought I need to be out of the house soon, my friends will help me with a place to sleep while I find some place new.	1
O sleep, how I miss thee busy stressed insomnia Can't handle caffeine, so I'm living on a prayer	Only a couple more days of busy stressed insomnia before I can relax and catch up on my sleep.	1
Not a good mood is within me.I need advice/ heart to hearts/ someone to cheer me up.	Whenever I'm in a bad mood I can count on my friends to cheer me up	1
I look down and realize that I have picked all of my nail polish off whoops	I find it so fun picking at my nail varnish	1
Words can not express how bad I wish I didn't have an exam tomorrow sick	The exam tomorrow will be pretty hard but at least it'll be over with.	1
Getting down to crunch time to get things done before Friday..hard ti balance everythingcalcclass packing emails planning	I have a solid plan to get everything sorted by friday.	1
I hate that feeling you get in the pit of your stomach when something isn't right	I don't like that feeling you get in the pit of your stomach when something isn't right. There's nothing I can do right now, but soon I'll be fine.	1
These papers are going to be the death of me. I'm so confused. college papers why	Im really struggling with these college papers but I know if I do a good job then I’ll be set.	1
my pizza still isn't here and I'm annoyed and bothered and hungry and , how relatable amiright ladies?????	On the bright side, I can see if I can get my late pizza for free after all the waiting I've done.	1
I'm starting to get back to my old self, too bad I started smoking again tho, I smoke just as much cigs as I use to	I'm starting to get back to old habits, I started smoking again, but I understand that a relapse is part of the process and even if I'm smoking a lot I know that if I try hard I'll be able to stop permanently	1
I don't know if I'm out this week or if I'm sick or tired or something but I'm not feeling like I should. Hoping to be in bed soon so I can get a goodnight sleep. Also I know God got my back and he will show me what I need to do.	I'm confident that life will find its course and everything will be good in god's hands.	1
3rd wheeled The Revenant today. Aside from feeling for 3 hrs, I had Ms Crinkly Wrapper to my right and Mr Loud Commenter behind me.	Going forward, I should go to movies with better company.	1
Another sleepless night with my poorly boy tired ugly rundown joys of motherhood wouldn't change it tho xx	Another sleepless night with my boy, I'm tired but I love being a mother.	1
I just wanted to hangout with my bestfriend today but all I did was homework sad	Even though I can't go out with my friends, I'm free from my homework.	1
I said I wasn't drinking till like After christmas sometime. These finals bout to have me drinking right afterwards! I mean drunk!	These finals are testing me, but I promised not drinking until after Christmas, and I'm keeping to it.	1
When you have to get your baby to the sitters, and get yourself to work, and youre running late, and then your car doesnt start	I hope my car starts soon, as I have to get my baby to the sitters, go to work, and I am already late.	1
Long day today, workin 12 hours and trying to find a house to rent sucks!	I work really long hours but it will be worth it because I can get a really nice house to live in soon.	1
How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time. How do you plan a wedding? One decision at a time. exhausted	It is indeed difficult to plan a wedding, but that gives you a lot of experience.	1
When there's only 4 spots left in a class that you need and you register in 18 minutes	I just registered in 18 minutes, though there were only 4 spots left in class!	1
This has been a bad week. If you see me today and I look homicidal, it's because I am.	This has been a bad week, but thinking of three things I'm thankful for always helps	1
took and hour and half nap cause i was so tired and now i've disappointed my parents ugh	Got caught up on my rest, now I can help my parents.	1
Anyone that sees me from now on today, I feel sorry for you. Moody Tired	I hope nobody sees me in this tired and moody spirit.	1
Why does everything insist on breaking. I really don't want to have to ring IT Support again! frustrated	Even though it broke, I'm lucky that I have customer support to help me fix what's wrong.	1
i am so over this job right nowi just want to be home to take care of things. aggravated pissed frustrated	I'm grateful that I have a job and a way to sustain myself and be independent.	1
i just want to go ride my scooter, i want to progress and not feel bad everytime i ride. sobusy	Im so busy but when I make progress with my work I can have time to ride my scooter	1
Crying reading all of these tweets of people leaving for fall break when I still have so long and so much to get through	Time to learn to ignore social media, stop procrastinating, and get my stuff done before break.	1
Id rather sit in my car and listen to country music than do this stupid paper	I hope to finish this paper soon, so I can relax on my car and listen to some country music	1
I can't even focus on my homework. Lets hope I don't do anything wrong in clinicals. distracted	I hope I clear my mind so that I can do well in my clinicals.	1
stressed about my health tonight and hoping to see my parents tomorrow when i go home without trouble from my little sister.	I can't wait to be home tomorrow so that my family takes care of my health and me.	1
I hate when all my plans get fucked up and I gotta reschedule and re plan all kinds of stuff	I don’t like it much when I have to replan and reschedule all kinds of stuff.	1
wishing I was out where the river bends, where the grass gets green, and the highway ends.	I can't wait to get out and go out on a road trip and be one with nature.	1
as to have the worst customer services EVER!! 6 months later my dad's issue is still not resolved! badservice	After waiting 6 months to address the issue the company better make it right.	1
I don't want you to be a "what if" but I feel bad for making you wait clusterfucked	I need to do a better job of respecting people and their time.	1
I will never leave a 60% assignment till the night before its due ever again!!	Next time I will study more for the exam and pass it!	1
I stay quiet as of late so I don't attract drama but I really want to express my thought	I'm a polite person that doesn't like to stir up trouble; that makes me friendly.	1
When your name is Sylvan Needham and you skip an Aggie game because you have too much homework, you know something is wrong.	I have a lot of homework but I'll be hopefully done soon, and then I can relax.	1
I got three hard finals today back to back from 8am-3pm..wish me luck and please pray for me!!	I got three hard finals today back to back from 8am-3pm. But I am sure I can succeed with God’s help.	1
All this week is studying for exams and Im and feel so behind when its only Tuesday	It’s only Tuesday and I have to study the whole week for the exams.	1
Seriously can't wait for this week to be overstress is the word of the week!!	This week has been really challenging, but when I get through it, it will make me stronger.	1
I hate days off when you have nothing to do and alone Bored NothingToDo Meh	The freedom of the days off makes me feel rested and energetic for the days of work.	1
I have so much homework to do that I'm either going to have a meltdown or blow my brains outs doing it	I hope I can sit myself down and finish the homework so that I can have some peace of mind.	1
Being up this early in order to study my butt off for the two tests I have at 5 is not okay.	Being up this early in order to study. So I can do well.	1
I'm so stressed out today I broke a sewing needle. How do you sew so hard you break the needle!? I need.I don't even know what I need but I need something.	Today I broke a sewing needle, but I'm getting a new one, and I will take the opportunity to improve my skills.	1
Within the last 24 hours my house was broken into aaaand my BF was admitted into the hospital while working in Texas.	The last 24 hours were super rough, hoping that things are going to start getting better now	1
At the point of either A ripping my hair out, B crying, or C yelling and screaming at someone.	I know that these are hard times, but everything will get better eventually, I just need to be patient.	1
Uni is joking with amount of workload :/ up to date with school stuff but uni can take a seat nd wait for me to give a fck	I am being challenged by the extra work I have to do.	1
Those moments when you just wanna scream "GET OFF YOUR BUTTS AND DO SOMETHING!" to someone but know it'd end badly.	I think I’m really good at motivating people and telling them to get off their butt.	1
Fed up of not working probably! Yet another night of unplugging and plugging back in to get it working! Outdated technology for ever increasing prices!	Sometimes old tech can be the easiest to troubleshoot; just power it off and on and that does the trick!	1
Its raining and it's cold and Daniel won't wake up and I have 6 days left to fix my essay and finish Farewell to Manzanar.	Its raining and it's cold the weather was nice perfect time for finish my essay	1
Two out of my five of my makeup appts cancelled for tomorrow but honestly I'm not even upset. I have so much to do before Kenya..	Two out of my five of my makeup appts cancelled for tomorrow but it's not bad at all, I'll have more time to get things done before Kenya..	1
There is so much for me to do in the next few days and so little time to do any of it.	There is a lot to get done this week, so I will have to manage my time wisely.	1
Sitting in the doctors office when some nutcase decides to stand directly on my broken foot stillgoodthough	It was funny that someone stood on my foot at the doctors this morning.	1
So moving and being ill will never be a good combination! Can't wait to put my feet up	Looking forward to resting after being sick and moving. Glad I have good help.	1
You can tell which students are in capstone because they are the only seniors left that are having mental break downs	Seniors should be taken care in order to improve their health.	1
any other short people try and buy skinny jeans and find they are too baggy on the ankles?! I hate buying jeans!	The jean I am buying I can find my size in another store	1
Makeup work in all 3 classes plus a take home test. All bc of the stupid dentist. Just yayy.  byebyesociallife	I have a take home test which means at least I can do it in the comfort of my own home.	1
If college hasn't made you consider becoming a stripper at least once or twice. your taking the wrong classes	Hard classes, but they're going to end up rewarding when I'm done	1
I have test every single day of the week except Friday like is this exam week don't think so teachers fuckoff	I can't wait to be done with my tests and to start with my weekend so that I have some peace of mind.	1
I hate when my phone's updating because I feel like I am going to miss something really important in the half an hour it takes	I am anxious about losing data when my phone is updating, but I am eager to see the new features.	1
Why do I always get the shitty end of the deal So beyond sick of it	I always get the end of the deal, hope it can change!	1
But tomorrow is crazy bc skipping 2 classes for Gaga  then dance and then a Spanish presentation	I am looking forward to a busy day tomorrow with Gaga, dance and a Spanish presentation.	1
Getting my rib cage tattooed was like getting a massage compared to this insane neck pain.	Getting my rib cage tattooed was a necessary pain to have a beautiful tatoo.	1
Do I do straight hair, curled, dark eyes, natural eyes, red lips, pale lips, hair accessory, which ear rings, or bracelet.	I have some choices to make of how I look today and I'm sure I'll come out looking awesome!	1
Woke up late this morning so that's how the rest of my day is gunna be	Woke up late this morning so the rest of my day I'm gonna feel refreshed!	1
Want to cry at this new photography project! Got no ideas and only have 3 weeks to get it all done in :(	This new photography project is going to be hard, but thankfully I have three weeks to work on it.	1
I hate payday being at the end of the month!! I need a night out now!! paydayneedstohurrryup needadrink	I wish pay day wasn't at the end of the month, but it will be here soon.	1
10hrs of psych work due Tuesday, 19.5hrs of mcds work this week, x hrs of revision, school and bowling on sat. Wat.	I feel amazing to have accomplished so many tasks during the week!	1
my life right now <;<;<;<; pissedoff frustrated and no one to even really understand it.	My life might seem frustrating but I have decided to communicate more with and make people understand me better.	1
All I know is God got me through that routine tonight. exhausted sick THEWORKISWORTHIT	I‚Äôm fevered and relieved that God has helped me enough.	1
I actually think I'm sick right now from me caring too much about the little things.	Worrying about the little things doesn’t make me anything but a sensitive person	1
I hate always having this feeling of just being at a loss for what I can do hightensions	I've learned that it's ok to not always know what to do in a tense situation.	1
Lately your just putting me Off , start to think your having a baby In 5 months	I want to spend more time with you because you are having a baby in 5 months.	1
Wow wtf I'm STILL procrastinating right nowI get angry with my own self yet Here I am aaaaaaah	I'm STILL procrastinating right nowI get angry with my own self yet Here I am aaaaaaah	1
I've been that stressed it's made me I'll, when life gets that bad; running away comes to mind	I have to divert my mind. To be stressfree	1
I don't get algebra 2. And I'm about to throw this stupid fucking textbook out my 3rd floor window and hope it gets ran over.	I am having a hard time getting Algebra 2, but I'm sure if I work hard I will be able to learn it and do great	1
Need Something Ta Help Me Relieve All Or At Least Some Of This Pain. Smh GOD,!	Everything will be alright, it hurts right now, but eventually will be resolved in the end.	1
When you've had 5 hours of sleep tops in the past 24 hours and are so beyond exhausted but can't sleep <;<;<;<;<; exhausted	We should take rest as much as possible.	1
Usually I have Monday to look forward to the Bachelor, but with so much on my mind, I just can't get in the zone needanap	Usually I have Monday to look forward to the Bachelor, but with so much on my mind, I can't get in the zone. However, I'll take a quick nap to recover my energies, and soon I'll be prepared to do my things.	1
If you see me crying later just know that its because of micro or maybe the 8 group projects I currently have, it could be either one	I have eight group projects at the moment but at least everyone at uni is in the same boat.	1
please help. 3.5 yr son is toilet trained for wee, but refuses to do no 2 in toilet. He'll be standing next to it refuse	This is a good opportunity for me to help my 3.5 yr son learn to no 2 in the toilet.	1
I have accomplished so much today and yet it feels like I have accomplished nothing.	Despite having done a lot today, I feel that I can still do much more.	1
Back from vacation for about a week and a half and it's Like i never even went.	Be thankful you got to go on vacation.  Remember how awesome of a time you probably had?	1
Writing a paper over separation of church and state is SO much harder than what I was expecting.	Writing this paper is challenging but worth it.	1
Horsebox broken and suppose to be going to for 5 days this Thursday  Hope it can be fixed by then	I'm looking forward to the horsebox being fixed on Thursday, so I can use it again!	1
bc of all the shit we have to go through, everyone over the age of 30 is crazy to some degree. the world is an open-air, free-range lunatic asylum crazy insane mentalillness dangerous violence	I know I can think of a lot of good things about older people and the world	1
Oh, what's that? The final paper is due four days earlier? No problem, just let me write it with my tears.	Turning my paper in 4 days earlier than expected will be difficult, but this is a challenge that will help push me to stay motivated, focused, and organized.	1
Also I did zero homework for the past week because of missions conference and I am now living in my consequences	I hope I am able to manage my time better going forward so that I can complete my homework on time.	1
Life is just hard and harder when difficult people are around BC there issue become your problem   stressed	Keep difficult people out of your life or you'll be stressed	1
When will I learn that I need to rest my body if I want to recover from this sickness?	I need to remind myself to rest if I want to get over any illness.	1
I am beyond tired. And mentally exhausted. How tf am I gonna write about a 3 pg paper about the process of research.	I feel physically and mentally tired, but I am because I am finally going to write my research. Better rest and get back active.	1
I got a lot of anxiety so bad this morning. I wanna say it wasn't my day today than i excepted it to be.	Despite having anxiety, I need to maintain mental health during the day	1
my sons feed pump is broken yet again..luckily I have a massage tomo specialneeds tubefed gtube	My son ‘s feed pump is broken again. Luckily I have a massage tomorrow and grateful for it.	1
If anyone needs me, I'll be , depressed, and in my nest snuggling my fluffy son	On the off chance that anybody needs me, I'll be encouraged, and in my home cuddling my feathery child.	1
In costa. there's a kid waving a toy axe around in front of me. have the urge to lodge it firmly in his head.	I'm getting annoyed at this kid but I need to learn patience.	1
It was a long night. Which means a long day. Crap in a hole sleepless toomuchtodo	I hope I get a few hours of sleep now as I have a long day ahead planned for tomorrow.	1
My mind is racing.. today is gonna be a long day I feel it already lupus I wish I could escape this feeling of worry.	The feeling of anxiety that comes at the beginning of the day means it‚Äôs going to be an interesting day.	1
I have to figure out my mac. Like its starting to slow up and I need to figure out how to defragment the hard drive or something..	My Mac is starting to slow up, and I need to figure out how to defragment the hard drive or something. I'm smart, and I know I can do this.	1
Would moan about my evening being crap, but there are deffo people worse off than I am if you need to go out be safe!	I have a really nice life, and I am very fortunate, be safe if you go out.	1
Hate when I doubt the decisions I made. Why do I have to feel this anxiety?	Even though I sometimes get anxiety with my decisions, I'm thankful that everything always turns out like it's meant to.	1
Alone in the living room, just arp'ing. It's friggin dark and its too quiet. scared	The silence is scaring me. I hope I drift off to sleep soon.	1
I really just want to cry And can I just skip this test I'm going to fail anyways? chemistry	Even though I'm not confident with this exam, at least I'm giving it a shot.	1
I have a presentation on Wednesday and my text is only half as long as I need it to be	I'm going to use my skill at presentation writing to lengthen the text I have so far.	1
OMG at grumpy children! She scratched my face so I put her down, now wailing. He's shouting 'drink mummy drink' argh!	My baby was being a little stubborn, but no matter hard-headed she can be right now, I know she'll end up being a great girl	1
When your mom says 45 minutes is enough time to study for a big test you have tomorrow wtf weirdo notime	When your mom says 45 minutes is enough time to study hope that workout	1
Not impressed with the today. 16 minute delay to Heathrow T5 when I have a flight to catch.	16 -minute delay to Heathrow T5 is not a good thing today as I have a flight to catch.	1
Im starting to wonder if getting pissed off is a part of my daily routine	I need to learn to not get so angry	1
Knowing you have so much to do but just wanting to go to bed is honestly one of the worst feelings somuchtodo	Going to have a productive day today, and then I can have a rest in bed.	1
Why bother working my butt off at work if we are getting paid partial ?	Why bother working my butt off at work	1
Im so done with all this uni work! ARGH!! :( Just want to be done already!! :( University 3rdYear	Another university work completed! I'll finish the third year soon!	1
huge storm, can't get my snow tires until Friday and I have to drive out into the county early in the morning fuck.	Going to have a fun time driving in the snow tomorow but I’m sure it will be fine.	1
Wish there was another car so it was easier on us. Life is way to expensive	Wish there was another car so, it was easier on us. Excited to buy one	1
I am slowly losing my mind..  Seriously, someone with such amazing time management skills even I never foresaw all of this.	I am feeling upset I must relax my mind.	1
It hurts to hear that my grandpa is so sick and I can't do anything about it. GetBetter	It makes me sad to hear that my grandpa is sick, and I can't do anything about it. But I'm sure he will get better soon.	1
So the big O are coming to visit us today - it's 3.41am and so far I've had precisely no sleep :/ gonna b a v tough couple of days.	I haven't had any sleep, but I'm going to power through and make this best of this and make a good impression.	1
Arghhh cant stand when tan goes patchy then it's the dreaded wait till the next day till u go in a shower and see if it's ok!! :(	Tanning can sometimes have unexpected results and that's normal since it's not natural.	1
Didnt get no sleep last night so now im tired. Uggh hope this week go well. NoSleep	I got a great sleep last night, and I'm ready for this week!	1
Leave it to AP courses to keep you up late at night already on the 2nd week of school -.-	Even though these AP courses are burdensome, I'm thankful I have the ability to take such challenging courses.	1
Have you ever had a day where it seemed you couldn't do anything right or just had no time at all?	There's always a chance to have a good day at the start of every day.	1
Trying to organise handing over the accounts in my current flat, moving into my new flat, desperately trying to finish up a project in the lab, applying for an extension for my funding AND having to look into getting a visa is all feeling a bit overwhelming.	I have a lot of things to do, but I'm going to learn a lot from managing multiple jobs at once, I can do this.	1
having a very very very horrible day i just want to go home and cry.	I have had a hard day today I can't wait for tonight so I can have a long rest.	1
Today has been the most stressful day of my life. My heart is beating like crazy. I'm using a stress ball and squeezing it like crazy while I chew gum and it's not working.	Today was not a good day for me, and I ended up getting really stressed out. I'm trying a lot of things to calm down and get better.	1
I need to make money ASAP. Like yesterday studentloans poor ASU ASUistakingallmymoney HELP money job	I really need to find a job to get the money for school loans, at least this will help me grow a little even if the process will be painful.	1
This day sucks. I feel like this entire week I've fucked up on the daily.	The day has gone by quickly, and I will do better next week.	1
Dear Mrs. Dailey Just because you can assign us homework during finals week doesn't mean you should	Having homework during finals work makes everything harder but it also means I will get better results in the long run.	1
Half four in the morning and i've yet to hit 1200 words. Time to give in yet?	Half four in the morning and I only have to hit 1200 yet!	1
Just ate 3 servings of sour gummy worms and salt and vinegar chips Must be dead week again	I realized that I just ate 3 servings of sour gummy worms and salt and vinegar chips and that I can actually nourish my body with a better diet than that .	1
I want to txt you so bad! But that's not the right thing to do!	I need to overcome this urge, texting you is not good for me at all.	1
My mom sent me a text message earlier that made me cry y'all and I've been in a bad mood ever since	My mom sent me a text message earlier that made me cry and I've been in a bad mood ever since. I guess ill get over it eventually	1
I'm feeling a bit like 2007 Britney with the amount of work to do in the next week and a half. I need summer	I will complete my work as soon as possible to enjoy my summer.	1
I hate writing with a passion. I have a huge essay due Friday and I dont even know where to start	I have a huge essay due to do but I am really smart and hard working so I know that I will get it done by friday.	1
Why is carpet so expensive to buy and fit for my flat?!? How can I afford 750 for my carpets? unrealistic	I wish I could buy a carpet for a cheaper price so that I am done with decorating my house.	1
Thought I was going to enjoy spring break a lot until I realized big macs aren't one dollar at the McDonalds at home  Dom sad	Sad that big macs aren't on the dollar menu at mc Donald's anymore, but it was pretty amazing they were.	1
Has any one noticed monitoring ur blood pressure seems to raise it? Or is that just me!	Be careful when monitoring your blood pressure, you may get the impression that it has increased	1
I have a love hate relationship with my major. Right now I really hate it.	I wouldn't have picked my major if I didn't love it.	1
2 clashes on my exam timetable. Will be watched all the time and no contact with others. This should be illegal !	Got my exams coming up, and I have clashes it’s going to be hard work, but I have prepared for the challenge.	1
I'm not dead, just busy with moving! Sorry if I missed any of your messages and/or posts, I'll try to make up for it soon	I was just busy with moving! Sorry if I missed any of your messages and/or posts, I'll try to make up for it soon	1
Attempting to submit 10 pieces of work the night before deadline day was probably one of the most stupid things I've done. Ever.	I must learn to be more proactive. I must avoid last minute submission like yesterday, where I was attempting to submit 10 pieces of work the night before deadline day.	1
Suprise date tonight, am currently wearing jumper (not baggy), jeans (baggy) and Docs, do it go change? Also currently no make	I can't wait for my date tonight! I wonder if I should show off my casual side with this jumper, jeans and Docs, or if I should change into something more glamorous.	1
I can't wait for this school year to end I need a serious break from all this	When this school year ends I'll have the break I so need	1
Can't wait for my weekend off work! I need the break! Over worked myself this last 3 months :(?! exhausted	After having worked hard for the past 3 months, I would love to get the weekend off work to relax.	1
I have been sick more already this year then ever in my life and its only February  stress is a killer	This year it is so easy to get sick but if I catch something it will boost my imune system.	1
I need a punching bag to take my anger out on instead of you imsorrybabe upset nobodytalktome	I need something to relieve stress	1
so tired of bein broke just to have my own. it will all be okay once i get back on track, just not right now :(	Tired of being broke just to have my own. But I am grateful that things all will be okay once I get back on track.	1
Bed ready for me 6am till 8pm day tommorow to earn next to nothing !	Getting ready for bed for work tomorrow	1
My head's throbbing like it would if I was out partying all night. But I wasn't.	My headache like I was out for partying all night. But I wasn't.	1
What are you gonna do in Holland and is it in the evening bc I've got my graduation ceremony then :( !	I understand you won't be at my graduation ceremony. Hope you enjoy your trip.	1
Already know I'm not sleeping tonight. My mind is a total mess!! I'm surprised I haven't lost it.	This mess in my mind won't let me sleep. Either I'll fix it or I'll end up getting lost.	1
Hate the fact that I have to work all night instead of studying for finals.	I can't wait to finish my Finals quickly so that I can work peacefully.	1
Tuesdays are just awful because for some reason I decided to make them my work days. tired homework saveme	Tuesdays are not so good as they are workdays, and I am a bit tired of doing the homework.	1
Made and printed a load of CVS last night and handing them out Saturday, someone plz give me a job.	It's a good thing I made and printed a load of CVS last night, I'm hoping I can get a job.	1
I'm so tired and I literally have so much work I still need to do!!!	I'm tired, but I have work to do, and I know I'm strong enough to finish it!	1
Wtf did i do to myself? I thought it would let me feel better when I help someone. I just feel worse..	I see that I am not as happy as I imagined helping people.	1
Think my brain is about to explodeeee any minute!! Sorry bunnies but no replies for a lil while! uniwork dedication	My head hurts a little, but I am so dedicated to this project that I just can't stop	1
When you try to nap but end up thinking about how you might have been secret shopped and you kinda feel like walking out.	I'm having trouble sleeping over my head. He's having a lot of thoughts, especially about the robbery I suffered.	1
I try really hard to be fun, outgoing, and make people laugh..when all I really want to do is get in a ball and cry	I'm glad I can make others happy even when I'm not feeling so myself.	1
Wish I could sleep! Random question but does loft insulation contain glass fibres? In bed itching in pain! helpme	At least I'm thinking about some stuff to ignore the itching pain I'm experiencing, even if I could just sleep it away I would.	1
Wrapping does not put me in the festive mood what so ever! cant do it without getting annoyed! merrychristmas fu	Wrapping does not really put me in the festive mood, because it's kind of annoying. But it's okay, it's Christmas and nothing is going to ruin my mood!	1
There's so much pressure behind throwing a housewarming party but what it really comes down to is what types of dip will there be.	As long as I get the right dip the housewarming party will be a success.	1
I really don't understand what you mean or what you're thinking or how you feel.. or anything concerning you confused	I feel sorry that I am not able to understand you right now, but I would like to solve your problem.	1
Can't wait to get my truck on the road and life to just slow down a lol bit tired	That moment has arrived, now just drive my canoe and relax.	1
Need to go back to bed, pull the covers over my head, cry and stay there for at least a month!	I look forward to brighter days ahead and will be approaching the next weeks with a positive frame of mind.	1
I feel like I catch myself up on homework then they turn around and add 10 more things to that assignment! -_-	Wow, I just got caught up on homework and more has been added to the assignment. Well, I got through it once, I can do it again.	1
Is it supposed to rain or what today? I need some pool time damn it.	Eventually the rain will go away and I'll be able to use the pool.	1
May i dismay u? Cnt be with u at DINAGYANG am staying home. Enjoy the time! Am much :(	I am busy, so I can't come to Dinagyang. I'm sure you will have an amazing time though.	1
Go ahead and go to Memphis or stay at D-State and coach for Halls this fall?	You will have to make a choice between going to Memphis or staying at D-State, Make the best you can.	1
How does one gain back the weight they didn't try to lose when they have no appetite cuz of this stupid medication !?	The medication I'm taking at least has allowed me to be more proactive and productive in life even at the cost of some unwanted weight loss.	1
finally know what am getting G for Christmas.. Just don't know what to get anyone else!! stressed	I love Christmas, and although I'm not good with gifts, I don't get discouraged.	1
I thought the stress levels would decrease after graduation. Turns out preparing to take the boards is far worse! nclex	I'm going to work really hard and then smash my boards, thankfully I have graduated, so I can do this.	1
it sounds like someone is walking around upstairs but theres no one home but me wtf	It sounds like someone's walking upstairs, and I'm alone. I'm going up there to check it out to show there's nothing to fear.	1
someone contact me in regards to changing my holiday. Why can't I just speak to someone?	Travel agents could use some improvement	1
This semesters gonna be difficult because 5 online classes and working 40+ hours a week.LORD HELP ME!	Excited about the opportunity to grow and challenge myself this semester, having a good balance of work and learning.	1
It's impossible at the weekend with all the tube closures. 4 trains and a bus. I would be better off in a cab. tfl london	A taxi is the best option in view of the imminent closure of transport in London	1
This week had really been a bad week for me! Sad Normally Im good at keep things together but this week I have just fallen apart! Sometimes life is just	Not every week has to be good for me. Even when it‚Äôs that bad, I know I can move on as long as I get up.	1
It's so hard to find a pet friendly house to rent. And we need to be out end of the month. So we might be homeless :-/	I can't understand what the pets did against renters. Why do most aren't pet-friendly?	1
Thank god today is over, thank god it's Friday tomorrow and thank god I've got a week off next week ! tired	So hyped up that it's Friday tomorrow, I'm going to have a great weekend.	1
Found out two different subjects cw deadlines are NEXT WEEK and the amount of work I still have to do is ridiculous	I'll plan better! My deadline for delivering my work is next week.	1
Friday funny - what ever happened to dialing a wrong number? People, don't worry it's a simple mistake uptight psycho	I hope people take things like dial a wrong number more positively going forward.	1
Edin-London - good thing: train on time  Not so good thing - No power in coach M meant very stressful 1st part of trip (not1stclass at all) .Staff helpful but took till Newcastle to work out not going to be any power .Changed coach - what fun.	The Edin-London train was on time, which was good. There wasn't any power in the coach, but we got it worked out by the time we reached Newcastle and changed coaches.	1
these algebra || vocab is going to kill me and i still haven't done test corrections and ITS DUE TMRW	Can't wait to get these test corrections done and my algebra, so after tomorrow I don't have to worry about it.	1
Its really hard not to think! I hope all is well and I over come this anxiety!	I'm going to challenge myself to clear my mind, so I can overcome my anxiety.	1
This is the one thing that I'm not sure will work itself out for me	Whether this works out or not, I'm strong enough for the outcome.	1
pretty much just found out I need to get a second job for the summer	It's a good option to get a second job for the summer	1
I am definitely going to on my next free day I just don't know when that would be.	Looking forward to a free day	1
Why did TOM have to come visit this week?! Seriously, it's finals week and "he" is making this worse!	I'm so thankful that Tom was able to visit me this week when I need him most.	1
- cant fuckinq sleep!! ; qotta bee up at 5:30 && have classes all day. ; too much on my mind :/ MindWontShutOff ; ;	I have to be up at 5:30, and I'll have class all day, but I can't sleep because there's too much on my mind. So, I'll take a sleeping pill, relax and tomorrow I'm sure I'll be better.	1
To everyone who says teaching is easy, you lie!! Lesson planning will be the death of me!	Not all parts of teaching is easy but all teachers struggle with planning and im lucky to have a good job	1
Everyone in my class has practically wrote their essay and I haven't even wrote a single word! whatislife	I am a bit sad that I haven’t even started my essay when others have doneit, but I am confident that I too can do it.	1
Bad mood 2day an snappy an grumpy towards everything for no apparent reason :/ whats happenin to me badday	It was a bad day today, but tomorrow will be better.	1
On Friday I have a 6am flight to Jhb, plus I have my friend's 18th birthday the night before. I'm going to die -_-	Even though I have a 6 am flight on Friday to JHB at least I will be at my friend's 18th birthday the night before. I will have something to enjoy before the trip.	1
When your trying to prepare for your little ones arrival and ANOTHER part of furniture units has missing parts and a completely wrong box!! sofrustrated dissapointed	I'm at such an amazing point in my life. I'm going to have a newborn soon, and I'm getting new furniture delivered.	1
I need a machine that sucks out all of the unnecessary thoughts from my brain. And put back in what's really relevant.	I have a lot of ruinous thoughts I can't control. I think you should see a psychologist who I believe is the best choice.	1
Massively disappointed with EE mobile, it's all about targets&sales where's the trusted customer service gone? mugg	Even missing the trusted customer service I understand that I'm only disappointed with EE mobile because of capitalism. The companies just care about their profit.	1
Tonight I bench and deadlift. Its been a week and a half since I was last at the gym thanks to some other commitments.I need this tonight	Can't wait to get back into the gym and bench and deadlift, going to improve so much on my fitness now.	1
Sometimes I feel it would help to be a really cocky person when bad times come..maybe I wouldn't lose confidence then?? Confused	Sometimes I'm not as confident as I would like to be, but I'm making progress in overcoming my weaknesses.	1
Lost my temper w/ the baby. Guess I gotta put a dollar in the "bad mom" jar.	I was a bit harsh to my baby. I hope to be more patient with her hereafter.	1
I am losing it watching the season finale of TheWalkingDead - and I know it's going to get worse before the end	The finale of the walking dead has me on the edge of my seat, nothing has gone how expected it to go.	1
Maybe ill just say fuck MondayNightRaw and go to bed. Headach and not even wanting to be around anything or anyone right now	I shouldn't watch MondayNightRAw but go to bed because right now, I'm suffering from a headache and don't want to be around anything or anyone.	1
almost time to go homethen to cook dinner and bed! gotta be up at 6am for workugh! longweekahead cantitbefriday tired	Almost time to go home and prepare dinner and sleep! I have to get up at 6 am for work! I need to be strong because a long, tiring week is coming.	1
Leafs ratings on TSN are down 13% this year but on Rogers they are down 22%. Anyone working at Rogers right now has gotta be STRESSED !!	Leafs ratings on TSN are down 13% this year, but  down 22% on Rogers. The people at Rogers should figure out how to increase ratings.	1
I've had a real crap day, horrible from the first minute to the last. knackered donein	I wish I was like Sisyphus, or at least such an apathetic who's not being affected by these days.	1
When your list of thing to do just gets bigger, and you have no energy to do anything	I'm going to learn not to put things off so my work doesn't pile up.	1
Sometimes you have to make the hard choices in life, not the easy one but the hard ones.	Life is all about choices. Sometimes they are the hardest.	1
My head is one big mess! Home insurance? Solicitors? Mortgages? Can someone do it all for me? headfuck	The process of owning a home is daunting, but this won't be forever.	1
how to tell I'm stressed: took my hair down for the night and after running fingers through, pulled a glob of hair out	I'm going to spend more time relaxing, stress takes a tole on you.	1
The one person I need to be on my side and he's wanting me to do what I can't bring myself to do SoLost Confused	Sometimes you need to get away from people who don't want to be by your side and put up impossible situations for that to happen.	1
Serve me right for letting alawi take long naps todaya babbling baby at 1am is a nooo no :( sleepy	I learned my lesson today. I definitely won’t let my baby take long daytime naps anymore so he and I can sleep well and sound at night.	1
I Hope They Let Me Pay Extra To Get Into KOD For Party, I Need To Get Out and Go Crazy	I hope I have fun at the party tonight. I have been looking forward to it for a long time.	1
I don't like it when people get annoyed with me and don't tell me why. I want to fix the problems I have	People should tell me when they get annoyed with me, because I want to fix the problems I have.	1
Can it be Friday already? Today is going to be crazy! Feeling every emotion right now	Friday is coming soon! I need to survive crazy today!	1
My life needs to get back on track to how it used to be. I'm sick of the one I'm living now	I feel like my life isnt how I want it to be right now but I was happy before so I can be happy again.	1
My brain feels like its on overload, i don't wanna have to make this choice but its the only thing to do :( cantsleep	Even though it's a tough choice, my brain can handle it, and I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.	1
Got 2 homeworks due in tomorrow and need to wash and straighten my hair before 11 but not even home yet	I have to wash and straighten my hair and finish two homeworks due tomorrow. I hope to reach home soon.	1
told me on the phone my daughter has no seat on the 205, do other stratford to alcester bus routes have spaces?	My daughter need to find a seat at the 205,but there is none, it will practice her standing there.	1
That moment when your so mad and contrary with the world and don't know why !! needshelp fuckitall	Sometimes I feel unsatisfied with the world, and don't know why, but I'm sure tomorrow I'll be better.	1
Just gotta trust Gods plan for mehaven't been this down in a while sad iwannagohome	I'm feeling sad and that is okay.  I should reach out to a friend or family member.	1
I'm tired, sad and depressed and every other negative feeling and emotion :/ hateLC cantwaitforjune20th imgonnahitsomeone	I hope I am able to get rid of all these negative feelings I have now and get a new start very quickly.	1
Crazy week a head. Hair appointment. Meetings. Projects. Performance. M1 testing. Getting my Vespa. Dad's Wedding. crazy	Athough the week ahead is packed with numerous activities, timely planning and execution will help me sail through it smoothly.	1
Research the company What fucking company it doesn't give me a company no point in it	I can't understand what's the company doing.	1
This video has to be 3 mon long! I have it at 4 min but I don't know what else to cut out!!!	This video has to be 3 minutes long but I have it for 4 minutes. I am looking forward to cut the irrelevant parts to shorten it.	1
So much catching up to do with so little time and energy to do it.	I will catch up with everything I have to because I am strong to handle everything that comes my way.	1
Won't be long now and I'll be in WV. Then I'll be off to Texas and Florida.	In a little while I can finally be traveling to WV, then Texas and finally Florida	1
Anyone fancy whisking me away so I don't have to do my exams? No? I didn't think so :(	Pretty soon all of my exams will be finished.	1
Well I survived this never ending day and I think tomorrow just gonna be a recovery day. Night y'all tired longday	I am happy that I survived thisl long day and I can chill out tomorrow after the long tired night.	1
Finished Catching Fire and ended taking such a turn :'( It was not supposed to be that way and just no its wrong :-(	After finishing Catching Fire, I'm shocked but glad that things turned out the way they did in the book.	1
I've been stuck in traffic for over an hour and only half way to work	I've been stuck in traffic, and I am only halfway to work. I hope the traffic clears up, and I reach there on time.	1
2:30 am and still can't sleep.. Thinking sunrise and boardwalk run in a few hours	I can't sleep but the run I will go on in a few hours will feel really good.	1
How about you just stop confusing me with your mixed signals and just tell me how you really feel. please bothered sigh	I'm pretty sure that If I communicate directly with my partner we can work things out!	1
All night at the library studying for my 9:30 am final. Senior year is dumb AF.	Studying is the best way for me to improve and be better!	1
I can't focus on my homework because I have too much other stuff on my mind upset	I've been thinking about many things and that's good because I'm contemplating and learning. But it's time for productivity, focus on my homework and stop procrastinating.	1
I will be without sleep tonight stressed midtermsmonday good luck to everyone that sees me tomorrow at school	I will be tired tommorow but a cofee will help me get through the day.	1
Arghhh like a broken down record talking to kallie this morning - the joys of having kids	When my kids frustrate me, I remind myself that I love them and they'll be more mature someday, just like me.	1
I haven't written anything undeserving of being spit on in so long I've never been so uninspired I want to cry STRESSED	I woke up feeling so inspired to write something today.	1
Too much pain on my neck..can't even move my neck..God knows kal exam mein kya hoga.. :'(	Even with this pain in my neck, I look forward to my chiropractor appointment tomorrow, thank God.	1
This really isn't my day. Got on the wrong train. For god sake. I need to be somewhere! AboutToCryInPublic :(	Unfortunately I took the wrong train. I need to be somewhere now. I need to get more attention next time.	1
Stressing hard about the exam I have on Thursday and all the other big assignments coming up!	I am excited to do my exams and assignments to raise my grades up.	1
I feel like my heads going to explode with all the thinking about everything Ive been doing lately. Ugh.	I feel like my head is full of all the thinking about everything I've been doing lately, but that's life.	1
Count backward from 100, if the problem isn't clearer count again. If its still not clear its obviously time to kill people	Count backward from 100 as many times as necessary to make the problem clearer	1
Why do we have to do science I'm not planning on being a bloody astronaut ffs	Science classes are very tedious if you're not into it. At least our teacher makes it fun.	1
I hate nightmares that are super realistic and make you wake up in cold sweat :/ cantsleepnow	Some nightmares are very scary, but you can settle down to sleep when you can make sure it cannot happen in reality.	1
Realizing a paper you have to do is 5 pages single spaced rather than double	It is a bit shocking when you realize that you have to do a 5 pages single spaced instead of double, but it is not a big problem.	1
Minimum wage sucks monkey balls I feel like I put in mad hours and bust my ass and don't get paid what I should !	Minimum wage is a sad thing and I hope people would understand the misery of the people and pay what is due to them.	1
Life's Like A Maze Getting Lost Or Going In The Wrong Directions To Get To Your Goal! Lost Fucked Life Can'tSleep	But life has to get better from here.	1
Xmas is upon us and academic work must be completed this weekend. Help!Why would anyone my age take doctoral work on?	Christmas will be so much more beautiful when I get my doctorate in my hands.	1
Jealous of the people in post secondary who don't write at least 1 test worth 15-20% a week	My post secondary program has a lot of tests worth a lot of the grade, but I think I'll do well on them.	1
How is it that I have soooo many clothes but nothing to wear tomorrow! :(	I'm pretty sure that I will find something to wear between all my things!	1
Thinking about all the work I have to do in the next few days makes me want to cry	When I’m done with my work, I will feel so accomplished!	1
Wishes things could sort their selves out toomuch notime tired decisions Ahhhh! All with lots of hash tags!	Next week will be my time to sort out all my unfinished tasks.	1
Someone take me to the clay pot :( and do my homework for me as well.	Doing my homework is a good way to improve my knowledge and get better results in exams	1
My fav vet is leaving Long Island and I don't like my other options Decisions decisions	My favorite vet is leaving Long Island, and I don't like my other options, but I'm sure I'll find another good one.	1
If I don't get everything I need whilst shopping today I'm going to spend the entire week crying in a corner.	I know I will get everything I need while shopping today!	1
I'm tired and constantly by monitoring the Covid-situation in two almost neighboring countries. Can I go home to visit my family and friends? What if they close the borders meanwhile and I'll get stuck there? Isolation, stress, and no plan: the worst combination!	I know that these bad times will pass, and the COVID will be no more. I just have to be patient, and I will get to see my family, and friends eventually!	1
I seriously just need to be in Florida already with a drink in my hand.	Can't wait to go to Florida and start my holidays with a drink in my hand.	1
Feeling a lil stressed bc my great uncle asked me where I'm sitting at the beanpot but I will def be too drunk to interact w him there :/	My great uncle asked me where I'm sitting at the beanpot but I will def be too drunk to interact w him there, it's going to be a great time	1
I miss my big brother  kinda fucked when your dad and him don't get along so you can't see him.	I believe in the reconciliation of my father and brother, I know that soon I will be able to see my brother again!	1
Tonight is torture! Doing experiments the night before I present always never end well :(	I need to plan better and practice the experiments well ahead of the date of presentation.	1
Why must I have to take all these hard classes when I won't even use them for my major?	I have to take extra hard classes for my major, but it helps me to grow as a scholar.	1
This semesters gonna be a lot of work! Taking two sciences was a bad idea.	This semester is going to be great. I look forward to acquiring more knowledge from the two sciences I took.	1
This rubbish weather getting you down? Pop in for a stress relieving 'ManMade Shave'. Marylebone	If the weather is disturbing you, it is better to opt in for a stress relieving “ManMade Shave'. Marylebone.	1
goals in life: to be accepted in a kpop gc thats actually active  also to get an A on my three tests tmr	I know that I'll get into a kpop band one day and get As on my test tomorrow.	1
Is anyone doing a paypalgiveaway rn I desperately need $20 rn or if anyone is feeling generous enough to send me some money. It would be greatly appreciated pleasehelpme sad	I will learn how to earn my own money! I will work hard and achieve it!	1
Since my app is waaay behind I'm basically stalking right now to see how this is gonna end up	I hope I can sort this app soon, I'm sure I can speed it up.	1
We have cops in the store at least once a week. This time a belligerent drunk guy was yelling at us and saying we banged his wife.	I'm thankful for cops doing their job, protecting us from drunken people.	1
why is gaining weight so easybut loosing it is like trying to fuckin figure out the god damn rubiks	Losing weight is a big obstacle i know i can overcome.	1
It'll be a miracle if I make it through these next couple days without a mental breakdown	For the next couple of days without mental break down that will be awesome.	1
Hour ane half left to go on this bus and my laptop dies need off this bus ASAP b4 I start pulling my hair out	Need to keep my laptop fully charged at all times, especially while on the move. That's sure to keep me stree-free:)	1
How was your night? Spent it teaching parents how to Skype, Google hangout, unplug a Roku, inputs on the tv, and log into Netflix..	Spent the evening teaching my parents how to use Skype, Google hangout, unplug a Roku, inputs on the tv, and Netflix.  So thankful they will be able to do it themselves now.	1
Stretchy pants because I'm lazy? No, more like I've been binge eating and I'm too scared to attempt to wear my jeans. finals	Wearing stretchy pants during finals is comfortable.	1
Sometimes I would like to just go on a six month holiday away from all shit!!! stressed	Needing a holiday badly. Miss vacation	1
Ddnt submit an excuse form again and i cant make it to rehearsals. Eish this is not gud	I can't make rehearsals but I'm sure it will work out and people will understand.	1
It's 6:33 and it feels like midnight ready for dinner and bed. NO MORE SCHOOL WORK! ew why	I cannot wait to be done with school so that I can have a good night's rest.	1
Ahh these last weeks of school are gonna be the death of me .. frustrated annoyed cantwaituntilsummer	Have to make it through these last weeks of school because I can't wait until summer!	1
Is it wrong to ask if I picked the wrong major 2.5 yrs into college? Community Development is REALLY making me hate it. annoyed	I hope there is an option to change my major after 2.5 years in college.	1
I need my bestfriend right now, and it sucks I can't even get one of them	I hope to get hold of one of my best friends right now.	1
It's pretty tragic when you can only reach midweek before needing a drink!! longday needit	It's hard when you can only reach midweek before needing to relax. Already looking forward to the weekend.	1
Yes and that's why coz they go bonkers - trying to keep 28 kids under control is very hard on days like today.	It‚Äôs hard to keep kids under control but I think I‚Äôm doing a great job.	1
I thought I was done with having problems with other girls. Guess I was wrong.	I realized that I have some issues to resolve with other girls.	1
It is just now hitting me that this next week and a half is going to be a stressful one.	Going to make it through the next week and a half no matter what!	1
hearing all this bad news just a few days before finals is just what i needed	My focus is on the finals! I will not pay attention to the bad news!	1
My life is crazy. I pretty much have no control over anything. Jut outrageously busy.	So busy. That's what happens when your life is wild	1
Guess when you help some one out so much, they think they can't return the favor just once annoyed pissed	I love helping people out, even if they don’t return the favor.	1
Like I cant even wake up tomorrow on time My phone is my alarm and its almost dead	I need to rest more, I don't think I'll be able to wake up tomorrow at the right time, not even with the cell phone alarm.	1
It's only Tuesday and it's hell week already. And I thought last week was bad. CollegeProbz	Things are already bad by Tuesday, but they'll get better by the weekend.	1
fed up with a few people. Ithink i should remove them from my life but want hem to realise this.. suggest plz. depression	This situation has shown me that I must not endure anything bad from anyone, even if it means losing my "friends".	1
Was in a course all day and now I'm tired and grumpy and nervous about my exam results and fuck, how did I survive going to college twice?!! oldbrain	I was in a course all day, and I'm nervous about my exam results. It was hard going to college twice, but it worth it, and I'm glad that I did.	1
Nothing to do at work, but so much to do for school.. Is it 5:00 yet?!	I am going to finish my school assignments this week.	1
That annoying moment, when you realise your mums not at home so you have to do the cooking !!	I need to cook because my mom isn't home but it will help me learn to cook best food!	1
wedding shoes are finally here. Everyone and their dog must know how stressed i was about this.	In that we finally have the wedding shoes it is good that every one should know that I was very worried about this.	1
It's so scary living on this planet knowing we are destroying it in every way and in the end destroying ourselves	Although it is scary to live on this planet knowing that we have destroyed everything in every way, we need to think about how to change that fact. He just gets scared all the time, it doesn't change the fact that a lot has to improve or we will all destroy ourselves.	1
I'm missing a day of working out for this stupid math.. that's how you know this is killing me	Skipping a work-out day to concentrate on my math homework, is hard work, but I can do it.	1
5-6 page paper in English, chapter 8 vocab and packet in U.S. history, and Algebra 2 all due Wednesday. We'll see how that goes	I have a lot of assignments due Wednesday, so I'm psyching myself up for the challenge.	1
Decisions on goin into the service next year cause school ain't cutting it right now	I dont think school is for me, the service will provide me many more oportunities	1
All I ask Just once in my life can everything go right. Be highly appreciated.	I am not going to judge what goes through in my life. I will accept everything.	1
Trying so hard to type this Art Term Paper and study for my Art Exam. I'm beginning to feel stressed.	After I finish my exams I will have so much free time for myself!	1
Going to Ibiza in 2 half weeks, Christies birthday then mine, can't drink for none of them fuckedof dontderservethis	I might now be able to drink during any of them, but at least I will be able to see the beautiful town of Ibiza and spend time with friends.	1
I just want my car fixed already. I hate driving stuff I know isn't mine.	I guess not having my car for the time being really makes you appreciate what you have.	1
not processing the fact that im going to the airport in 3 hours weird toofast cantdeal	I am not able to believe that I have to be in the airport in 3 hours, but I am too excited about my travel.	1
I can't be at home for longer than two days without going crazy. hateit anxiety	Being at home longer than two days can sometimes get me crazy but I'm always grateful to be around family when I'm at home.	1
I'm so freaking hungry I'm about to go on a hypoglycemic rant over this heat game!!!	I am so hungry watching this heat game, I think I will order a pizza.	1
Not a great day its been, like its a Monday sure??..Damn!! What z still keeping me is the moneymoney holds patience mayne..!	Been a tough day but it’s only Monday so things will get better.	1
This project is taking me forever! Plus I haven't studied for my test tomorrow. Tired and	This project is taking longer than I expected, but it's because I am really trying to make it perfect	1
It's sad I have no idea what I want to go to school to be.	There are so many great possibilities of what I could be when I grow up.	1
The marks i don't care about are posted right away, but the one i really want is taking forever! stupid teacher post the marks!	I need to have more patience when I'm waiting to see my marks.	1
I have visions of people trying to knock me down for a Lilly P shift in Target at the LillyforTarget sale.	I am excited to shop the Lilly P sale at Target, even if I have to compete for what I want.	1
I'm struggling to make my dreams be a reality, while you're over there sitting pretty. YoureWelcome	I'm struggling to make my dreams come true and I'm growing and learning a lot.	1
Don't usually smoke in my often but the one time I do my mom wants to use my car the morning	Smoking should not be a secret deal since many people do it.	1
Tired so much on my mind been on the go all day.. So sleepy but can't sleep! Want to relax but can't	I should take care of myself.	1
My better half is sick today!  not going to see her for the whole weekend.	My better half is sick today, and I'm not going to see her for the whole weekend, but at least we have Monday to look forward to.	1
not in the mood for anything. every little thing is stressing me out. sick of it.	I'm taking a break from everything to reset my mind	1
i'm almoat at my breaking point. can i quit life now or is it too late?	I am feeling burnt out at this point, but I know tomorrow I will feel better	1
I could really use some prayers my way its been 2 months nd still no work. Im starting to freak out. frustrated	Thank you for praying for me. I know that I will get a job soon.	1
Living life butting heads and having things never really work out the way you would like. Pissed	I am having s hard time in life getting things to go my way at the moment but I’ll keep positive.	1
just took my bio final , lord have mercy and let me get a good grade in that class	Having a good grade is in my hands. Let's do it!	1
I'm in such a weird mood today. This is gonna be a long week. FinalsWeek	As soon as I finish my week of exams, I can be free and end my bad mood.	1
The nature of individual is determined by what thoughts he or she holds for a long time." MaxKirsten	"The nature of individual is determined by what thoughts he or she holds for a long time." MaxKirsten. Inspiring quote to remember.	1
Sick to my stomach future in someone's hands can't live like this no more is wat it is	I should consult a doctor for my stomach issues.	1
I'm already at the point of crying doing this assignment, why do I do this to myself	I just need to break this assignment into manageable chunks to get through it.	1
I've never been away from home for so long, there is a lot to remember and coordinate, for myself, the pets, and the house itself.	The autonomy I get from being away from home only reinforces my character.	1
wtf ! Why so late ?? Why didn't you just stay ?? You home ? no lmao my mother was there Smh ugh	Why didn't you stay? It would be a great opportunity for us to talk	1
Thank god I get to go home this weekend, I'm in desperate need of puppy and kitty cuddles.	I cannot wait to go home and have fun with my puppy and kitten.	1
been watching Olivia for 3 days straight now I take back every last word iv says about wanting a baby toomuchwork	I'm thankful to have this experience to help me realize that I no longer want children.	1
Sitting in the car in the parking lot trying to suppress this panic attack  l kinda hate that I have to work right now. I just want to be safe and inside my house where I know I cant catch anything	Whatever may be the situation I have to keep working hard.	1
I don't know who I am anymore and I just got to get my life together and figure out everything!	I must be very clear in doing my job.	1
cant find my apple pencil and i am bc i literally used it on saturday and i havent been anywhere since then and i need it rn but idk where the fuCK it is	I hope I can find my Apple Pencil that I used on Saturday.	1
Oo yeah, Monday is going to be tough with OkadaBan however, imagine trekking to church (Long Distance).	Monday is going to be tough, but at least we don't have to travel a long distance to church.	1
idon't like the nightworkinghours it's making me so much it's so hard U can't sleep 8hours :[	Working at night has its benefits, like meeting some interesting late night characters.	1
1000 word reflection due in tomorrow and I'm only starting now  why do I always leave things last minute	1000 word reflection due tomorrow and I hope to finish it though I have pushed it to the last minute.	1
Seriously 3:30 in the morning and I'm dealing with this crap! I need to sleep not be stressing out!	Every effort applied until late is to be productive	1
10 symptoms of adrenal fatigue and how to help restore your adrenal levels. A good read if you feel stressed	Being tired means that I am active in life.	1
Fitted a galvanic isolator, lost all water in boat - new water pump, next day frequently lost power to boat, boat is all electric! Found leak in water heater which was blowing the fuses, so new water heater and expansion tank! Poor us literally!!! boatlife rollon2019	Been a pretty tough couple of days, basically had to refit the entire electric boat with new equipment. On the bright side learned all I need to prepare for any related emergencies now.	1
Why must my vocal chords decide to be stupid now?!? Regionals are just around the corner!	I hope my throat heals in time for my Regionals so that I am able to perform well.	1
Happy New Year!  . Now can I just have my foot back so I can run?!?	New Year means that new opportunities will be awaiting ahead.	1
the test i just took was ridiculous and i have to take another one in 5 minutes. Respiratory school will be death of	School is really hard at the moment but I know the pay off will be worth it if I work hard.	1
Im having a bad day nd i cant text the only person that makes everything better fuckingreat	The hard times for me are teaching me that I shouldn’t depend on anyone to be happy.	1
Seems as if ill never be good enough.even things I don't mean to do wrong!	I'm capable of anything I set my mind to do! I know that sometimes I will fail but that will only help me to succeed in the future!	1
I can't wait until the weekend. So I can finally get away from all this bullshit.	When the weekend comes everything from the week will be left behind and I will feel better.	1
It's barely 7:30 an I'm ready to knock the fuck out. This is the life of a overwhelmed college student. OverSchool	The day has just begun, and it's already a challenging one, hope to get through this week, so I can relax!	1
Fuck work. Like I don't know how long I can keep doing school for 6 hours and then work right after for another 7.	I can't wait to be done with work today. Working for 7 hours right after 6 hours in school is tiring.	1
Im so annoyed how I can't use windows moviemaker. It sounds so easy. Well not for me :/	I can't use moviemaker, still it sounds so easy. Well, it's time to get over it.	1
The amount of hatred, anger, disliked and more i feel towards xfinity internet right now is ridiculous! I can't begin to express my feelings towards them!	No matter how many people hate me. I love my self.	1
Why are people so annoying? Can't wait to go to cheer and get this off my mind.	Some people are annoying but it is better to overlook such people.	1
I am so torn I dont know what to do I always make the bad decisions I just wanna make the right one n these chest pains are back	I am going to calm myself down so that I don't have so much anxiety over my decision that it gives me chest pains.	1
Exams are stressing me out.. I am so far behind in everything and I have no clue what I'm doing.. Stupid exams..	Need to up my game before it is time for exams.	1
I knew buying a house is never a straight forward process but his is fucking ridiculous	Buying a house might be complicated but then at least I will have my own house.	1
I just want this year to be over with. I loved it and now I hate it with a passion. I can't handle it anymore.	This year had ups and downs for me, but anyway I am awaiting its end, as I can start a fresh new year.	1
I'm not even tired but I'm going to bed before I rip my hair out	A good night's sleep and rest should get me in a better frame of mind tomorrow.	1
Think im gonna take a late night backroadin trip! I need to get stuff off my mind!	I am very excited to take a backroading trip and have a great time!	1
When someone stresses you to the point you wake up and can't sleep is not good!! eyesstinging tired	I need to learn that other's people problems don't affect me and shouldn't keep me awake at night.	1
This week has been hell, and doesn't look like it's going to get any better ! sad mad	The good thing about hard weeks is that after them come the calm weeks.	1
I hate having to be a responsible adult and take care of a yard, a house, bills, and go to school and work tired	Adulthood brings so much joy and positive things, I love it!	1
Why do I have to do so much homework for co-op? I already work my ass off all day! Why must I do homework too?  fml	I have a lot of homework from co-op, but I know it will make me a better and smarter.	1
stressed right nowready for this week to be over. Hope we get a good grade.	Excited to see grades at the end of this week.	1
I've had so little time to prep for all my tests and finish my homework due this week	It is going to be an exciting challenge to finish my homework and prep for my test this week.	1
Nothing but tests and papers due this week. Can't a girl catch a break? -B	I would love to have a break after all these tests and papers.	1
Are you suffering from hair loss, thinning, or balding? balding Cancer thinning stressed barbers hairdressers	Not having hair is not important.	1
Well this is going to be an intense last three month of grade 9 ohman homework hard	I know I will be able to do all these intense work, I will win the 9th grade	1
It's going to be one of those nights where I am exhausted but my brain won't shut off sleepy	My brain is really overactive at the moment, I might try some meditation or something to help me relax.	1
Monday morning and the grim reality that for the next 3 weeks, i'm going to be without my usual work partner, Rob	I'm going to be without my usual work partner I used to it.	1
If you saw me re-park my Jeep 6 times before getting out , no you didnt . shortgirlproblems	Finally, I did park my Jeep correctly. I hope I improve my parking skills going forward.	1
Counting down the hours Less than 12 hours till I will be on my way to the airport!! scared	Counting down the hours. Less than 12 hours till I will be on my way to the airport. I feel a bit scared, but I can pull through it.	1
Did u know why ur eatin icecream, cookie nd candy when ur stressed? Because in the other side is desserts	When you are stressed you always need icecream, cookies and candy because backwards stressed is desserts!	1
Biology test in less than 30 minutes. God please let all this studying pay off.	I have a biology test in less than 30 minutes. I'm confident that all this studying will pay off!	1
Haven't been in a bad mood like this for a long time Literally wanna rip my hair out!!	Feeling angry is also part of life, even if I want to pull my hair out. I appreciate being able to stay a person who is alive.	1
I just need this day to be over with, and a nap. I need a nap. tired	Resting will do me good and I can't wait to get some!	1
Hate how I get home from work have an hour to chill then have to go to class toooomuch	I have only an hour to chill after work before I go to my class, but I am happy that this busy schedule keeps me out of worries.	1
I have been in the library the last 2 days in a row.. There is something wrong with me. summercomefaster	I prioritize my education, and that's something I like about myself.	1
I have to wear a swimsuit Saturday and I'm totally not ready for that at all	Time to muster up some courage and try on my swimsuit for Friday.	1
so i've been hating veggies since i was born. i realised im getting fatter, seriously . so i tried eating salad and it was gross .	Vegetable add a lot of vitamins that my body need, I'm sure I can find a veggie dish that I enjoy.	1
So no kidney infection but this ear infection is horrible. Havent had one since I was little and forgot how painful they are!! On top of that annoying bc I cant freaking hear! pissed	Im so lucky that I dont have a kidney infection, esr infections hurt but at least they’re easy to get rid of.	1
I guess I'll study a little before bed then sleep then work a double tomorrow.. ugh.. mylife	I guess I'll study a little before bed. Then, I'll sleep, and tomorrow I'll work a double. It's tiring, but I feel privileged to be able to work and study.	1
I don't know why I keep checking my bank account. I am still negative a shitload of money until who knows when.	Looking at my bank account balance gives me the motivation to work hard and get out of debt.	1
I'm so stressed out that I just about had a mental breakdown in class. All I wanted was for Holly to give me that worksheet.	I had a mental breakdown in class, but at least I finally got the emotions out.	1
i hope ms. costley emails me back. i really need the rubric for this project.	I'm hoping to hear from Ms. Costley for the project rubric.	1
It'll be a miracle if I make it through this week without crying at least once a day.	I make it through this week without crying at least once a day which is awesome.	1
Need to find typhoid tablets in the next 3 days due to a totally incompetent GP notimpressed	I need to change my doctor to a more competent one so that I can get the medication I need.	1
I KNOW IM BREAKING OUT SUPER BAD FROM FINALS. YOU DONT NEED TO POINT IT OUT  finals	I can't wait to watch the Super movie, which I always do during finals.	1
Just wrote a 1000 word rant note, and feel completely exhausted right now. Time to sleep before work.	I hope a good sleep will clear my mind.	1
Why has January just suddenly got so busy?!! So much to do. So little time!! college exam work routines help!	January got very busy. So much to do in so little time, but I'm good at doing things under pressure, so I'm okay.	1
I think it's pretty sad that the highlight of my weekend is going to be going to the gym. hateexams	Going to the gym can really help relieve stress.  Especially when you have exams next week.	1
The fact that I already had to treat myself out to coffee and it's only Tuesday is not good. itsafridaything	I already had to treat myself out to coffee, and it's only Tuesday. It's not good, but I'll manage that.	1
I usually wouldn't be so upset, but I'm appearing at tomorrow AM and everything is in there. LostLuggage :(	My luggage was lost, hopefully they find it by tomorrow morning.	1
My phone stats are lying to me like hell have we taken 15000 and lost 21 confused	My phone is giving me some unusual statistics!  It says we have taken 15000 and lost 21.  I may need to fact-check this!	1
We got all these new weird ass, old, white ladies. They got me working with a fuckin spaz. .	I can think of some good things about these ladies	1
Getting sick and tired of having nothing to look forward to. It's Christmas and I'm even going anywhere. So fed up!	It's Christmas, and I'm not going anywhere nor do I have anything to look forward to - except loneliness. Maybe that helps!	1
Time to retire for the night. The personal break off of school is over so I need to get ready for tomorrow. tired	After a good night's sleep I will be rested and prepared for tomorrow.	1
:'( crying I'm properly the only person to say this but I want my little brother <;/3:'(	Oh! How I wish I could see my little brother now!	1
Ever feel like that the minute people walk into work they just become brain dead and complete idiots	The work can sometimes demand a lot from a person's mind, but this is good for skill development.	1
Hormonal and over tired daughter = Escape to training for 1 hour, then home to a little glass of rum!	Had a sweet escape training and then a drink to cool off	1
Guess the stress has been taking over me like wow I forgot to post b.5 of the sequence I am working on will do a couple of posts as soon as Im back home wrecked tired	I'm feeling stressed these days but the good thing is that I'm producing a lot. I ended up forgetting to post b.5 of the sequence but no stress, it really happens, it's normal	1
Bieber in the house yow! Hello my haggard face.. halin sa ubrahanay plates.. stressed tired	Hello, I am bieber and I am in the house.	1
I do everything i possible can to raise my grades and they never seem to go up. annoyed	I am doing everything possible to raise my grades, and I hope to reap the benefit of my efforts.	1
My lack of money is beyond awful at the moment. Pay day cannot come soon enough	I can’t wait for pay day when I have more money to buy what I need.	1
Wish I'd have stayed at home a little longer than just one hour stupid uniwork	Wish I'd have stayed at home a little longer than just one hour, but that's past, and now I'll focus on the present.	1
Feeling stressed at work? Get away from your desk and take a few breaths. More tips:	It is normal to be stressed at work but nothing a breath of fresh air cannot solve.	1
If i ever find the man ( and it has to be a man ) who designed this flat pack furniture then i seriously may resort to murder !	Whoever designed this furniture pack needs to understand that this must be improved!	1
It's really hard to find a place to go cry and be by yourself when you live in the dorms.	I wish I could have a little bit more privacy in my dorm but the disadvantage worth it for the fun I have with my roomates!	1
starting day 1/4 of my OB clinicals tomorrow. Oh and 2 tests tomorrow. Oh and 10hour days. tired nursingschool	Tomorrow would be a tiring day for me. But it would be good progress and I will be done with a few of my tests.	1
But nooo , I got too much on my mind to fall asleep ! sick tired and	I hope to get some sleep soon because of my tiredness even though i have many things on my mind.	1
I've come to realize that I'm probably not going to the gym until exams are over anxiety stressed" Do U even lift bro?	I'm probably not going to the gym until exams are over. I'll be glad to get back to weightlifting.	1
That moment in your life; when you just wanna run away I'm having that moment now NoFun Tired	Everyone goes through difficult situations where they just want to get away from it all, but I will show my strength and take it.	1
Ridiculous how much we are expected to know for these exams! Get me back to being an undergraduate! law	Improving my knowledge for exams will make me a better professional	1
That heavy feeling in your chest where it literally feels like your heart is breaking thissucks badmood	Heavy feeling in your chest hope it get better soon.	1
I wish I had a special someone to rub my back and my feet they are killing me.. exhausted sore	I really hope to find someone special to help me relax when I am feeling tired	1
I hate being so emotionally invested in something that I have zero control over. Zero input. And zero access to.	Situations where I don’t have the power may be hard to handle, but I understand that it will help someone else and that makes me grateful.	1
My paycheck is smaller but the inaguration party is getting bigger? Whats wrong w/ this pic? mommyblues	I hope I am able to organize enough money for the inauguration party.	1
I have a huge list of things I have to pay for this month. ugh brokegirlprobs :(	I'm sure we will shoot down capitalism! Therefore, our humor won't be determined by money-related issues.	1
Seriously dont know why bother delivering leaflets to my street, or my village. they refuse to deliver here!!! Sick to death of it to be fair. Yet theyll deliver in the next village over.	Sometimes I can’t get everyone to take advice into consideration; but I’m doing what I can.	1
You know your a fan when your having a really hard time in life and feeling alone when in your dream comes to your house to give you advice and be a friend thankyoueventhoughitwasntyou	I'm feeling alone and having a hard time but I think maybe now I should go out and find some new friends.	1
so weird working full time and having to check and book things off with only 5 weeks of freedom in a diary before you can do owt	Woking full time is a shock but the holiday’s planned will be amazing.	1
Everything I Sao fucked up right now I feel like I am going to explode	I am stressed, and I hope someone would help me relieve it.	1
Staying at the school until 10:00 p.m. on Thursday to finish this yearbook But at least we get Chipotle for dinner.	Have to stay at school until 10:00 p.m. to finish my yearbook.  Thankfully they are providing us with dinner from Chipotle.	1
It's hard enough to deal with my family problems and money, now i got this! I can't deal!	It's hard enough to deal with my family problems and money, and now I got this. It's hard, but I have to keep going, because I'm stronger than this.	1
Me and my brother are sitting in a room of silence rn bc he can't handle watching the bama game hahahah	Sharing time with my brother is valuable, even if we’re just quiet.	1
No one will understand the amount of pressure I get from my family about school.	It is normal the pressure that the family puts on when we are at school. Everyone goes through this, I need to learn to cope.	1
I got a tough day tomorrow guys! Off block, APES, PE tennis, and Dual which we don't have.	I would love to be done with tomorrow. I have a packed day tomorrow.	1
Knowing your future depends on this one day can really stress you the fuck out	I am so excited to know that I will finally have answers today about my future!!	1
It's the most annoying thing when someone cancels on you last minute! Now I have no videographer for my interview tomorrow!	Have an exciting interview tomorow, I’m sure I can get another videographer.	1
That moment Tayler texts me and tells me my tooth brush fell in the toilet and she had throw it in the garage	It's time for me to get a brand-new toothbrush.	1
Calculator portion of the Pre Calc test Done now the hard part the non calculator portion ThisIsGonnaSuck	I will find my best friend who is good about figuring out the non calculator part of pre calc.	1
I'm afraid to see how many of my classes are closed by 830 tomorrow morning	I hope my classes don't close by 8.30 a.m tomorrow morning.	1
4hours later and still in hospital..anyone who knows me know I hate hospitals plus doesn't help having a needle stuck in me :'(	I hate being in hospital but I have a lot of lovely nurses looking after me so I am thankful.	1
Not looking forward to doing an all nighter to finish my work ready for my deadline tomorrow :( uni fashion	I just need to work tonight a little more to finally finish all my uni fashion homework.	1
I have more crap to do in the next 6 weeks for nursing then I did in my first 3 years of college	I hope I am done with the next 6 weeks of nursing so that I can have some peace of mind.	1
ughh so tired! 3 hrs of sleep and a full days work! event day! pray it all goes well!	Even though I'm running on little sleep, I have the drive to accomplish all my goals today.	1
I'm not tryna be that S word cuz that means its the end but iknoe we tired of being that S word that got Ed at the end Forreal	Im tryna be the s word because it means being the best.	1
stress is a killer. and w/all the stress i've experienced and continue 2 experience, it's just another reason why my future is FUCKED this is a helpful reminder: i need 2 mold another mouthguard 2 my mouth, bc the current 1 is disgusting (bruxism) (google it)	I need to focus more on paying my mouthguard and avoid being consumed by stress.	1
3 400 word papers, a midterm and 2 homework assignments due Friday. My criminal law professor hates us.	It's time for me to get focused and get some work done for class.	1
Yes it's one in the a.m. An I'm up with my dog who is already sick	My dog is sick tonight, and I am staying up with him.  Hopefully he will be feeling better in the morning, and we can get some rest.	1
So much thinking was done about my future in the past two hours . MoreToCome	While planning the future is important, I must spend my time more productively in doing so.	1
Really rough week at work. Nothing Oreos, wine and a few Benedict Cumberbatch movies can't fix.	A rough week at work. Hope some Oreos, wine and a few Benedict Cumberbatch movies can fix it.	1
People have selective hearing. They deny what they don't like and hear what suits them. overit annoyed takeyourklonopin lunatics	There are some people with selective hearing who hear what suits them and deny what they don’t like. It is always better to overlook such people.	1
I'm so confused I don't know if I should try or just let it go	Im about to make an important decision about if I should continue how I am or try something else, I known I will make the right decision.	1
I hate it when I see something I might need sometime soon putt it somewhere I will remember it and then forgot	I should do meditation to improve my memory power.	1
Back to reality tomorrow. FYI~I don't recommend going to your father's memorial service and moving in the span of a few days.	Thankful I was able to go to my father's memorial service, and get moved in before getting back to life.	1
its hard to staying together with someone whos not giving corporate with. whos do not love to clean up, dispersed and love being like a boss!	I hope I get a better partner in my life going forward, someone who is more compatible with me.	1
So I have stats til 2:20, practice from 2:30 to 6:30, then coach til 7:30. Homework is due by 5. wtf am I supposed to do?!	I have so much to do and no time to do my homework. Time to get more organized with my studies and not procrastinate!	1
I need a bestfriend. Its hard being alone. It effects me 24\7. imissyou lonely .	I wish I was an ascetic as the greatest philosophers were. I must try to be content with my own presence.	1
Lord please help me get through this mock trial tomorrow without looking like a total idiot	Lord, thank you for giving me the resources to get through the mock trial tomorrow.	1
Completely and utterly lacking in any kind of motivation today. Cannot see the point at all.	I have motivation to do everything today.	1
I need to make at least a 68 on my Accounting final to have a B in the class. That might not happen	Time to start working on my studying techniques and skills, so I can get a good grade on my accounting final.	1
Really feel like a run! Don't know if my knees can handle it.. feeling frustrated	I trust my body will be able to pull through, I just need to keep moving forward!	1
I should of really taken regular English, I don't care if it makes me look like an idiot, I kinda want to graduate I dunno.	I think taking regular english would have been a good idea to complete my education and graduate.	1
Please call 01389298225 for all enquiries / emergencies due to a phone line issue and leave a voicemail	Phone isn't working. Call my new number for inquiries/emergencies	1
If you and 13 of your friends walk into a restaurant 45 minutes before it closes, you're the worst type of people.	I suppose I should appreciate people that come in 45 minutes before closing; money is money after all.	1
I don't know what's wrong today. I'm stressed and could just really use a hug sad	I don't know what's wrong today. I'm stressed and could just really use a hug. Hopefully after a good night's sleep and tomorrow will be a better day!	1
An exam, one class, 4 hours at work and I'm done, all eyes set on home oneday tired	I have all eyes set on home to rest, after going through quite a bit - an exam, one class and 4 hours at work.	1
I have no one to blame but myself for how I feel right now, but I just want this day to be over stressed	Can't wait for this day to be over	1
Last year I hid a box off thin mints to save for later but now I have no idea where they are	I hope I could somehow find the box of thin mints that I hid last year.	1
I hate how situations take a turn for the worse There is no 'it gets better' BS. It is what it is and I have no other choice. stressed	Sometimes situations take a turn for the worse but theres always good that comes with the bad	1
I've got so much to do and I always leave it till the last minute" exactly what I thought when I woke up!!	Although it is difficult to stop, I know that not leaving things for the last minute will make me better.	1
i just wanna go away for a while, Go move in with my uncle in north carolina, forget about everything and everyone sad	I'm glad my uncle in North Carolina has a place for me to stay when I need it.	1
2 fire drills today had to stand out in the freezing cold for no reason DITareDickeads	We got to stand outside and kinda just hang out, sure it was cold, but were bundled up and getting paid to hang out and get to know one another.	1
Going to catch up with Towie this afternoon! I fell asleep last night :( overtired	Going to see my friend and catch up! I'm so excited!	1
I actually have a test in every single class that I need to make up whendoesitend	I have a test in every single class to make up, and I hope I do that successfully.	1
Can not sleep!! Starting to be a regular thing n I hate it!! So much on ma mind :(..	Luckily I have so much keeping me going these days, sleep is the last thing I think about.	1
I hate the last week before the break because all of the teacher try to cram in the culminating tasks and it gets crazy!	It's crazy busy this week but at least next week we'll be on break!	1
In a stupidly bad mood. Only halfway through the work day and I've come close to quitting and plotting murder.	Only halfway through the work day and I've come close to quitting which is bad.	1
Wish I could just drop everything, get on a plane and move to the other side of the world	Wish I could just drop everything, but I know I must be strong and not give up.	1
Feeling pretty lame cos I'm already in bed and will probably be asleep soon loser	In bed early so I can get start the day tomorrow bright-eyed and bushy tailed.	1
It's sad how my mom feels bad for me that I'm so busy doing work that I don't even have to time to nap and and relax	I would love for the weekend to arrive quickly so that I can nap and relax making my mother happy at the same time.	1
The thought of working 10hour days for the next 6 days is making me wanna be sick	I can't wait to be done with this week and start with the weekend.	1
Essay writing is slowly killing my soul. Why do I always leave things to the last minute	Time to realize I shouldn't procratinate my writing assignments.	1
Not evem gona lie or joke. If yal believe in God olease pray for me. I seriously need it right now.	Thank you to everyone who keeps me in your thoughts and prayers, it really helps me through these difficult times.	1
I need to go to my dads and go for a long four wheeler ride.	A long four-wheeler ride at my dad's place sounds like a fantastic idea. I think I'll go.	1
This week has been something else smh can't wait for Saturday to wind down and turn up. Is it 430 yet? I WANNA CLOCK OUT NOW!!!!	It has been a hard week but I'm looking foward to saturday night, to have a blast and have fun!	1
That's me!" : I always want this and that. My mind is never really made up	I believe it's a good quality for me, always wanting things more.	1
I wish I could remember what it's like to go to bed before 1 or 2 am.	Life is going so fast that there's a long time I don't sleep early.	1
It sucks when your mentally and physically exhausted and can't sleep. It also sucks when your hungry but can't eat stre	It's hard when you're mentally, and physically tired, and can't sleep. Also, when you're hungry but can't eat. But I'm sure these things will pass, and I'll be okay.	1
Done gave myself a headache with all this crying && I'm wasting toilet paper,, getting myself together	All I ‘ve got is a headache because of all the crying. But I wish to pull myself together and seek happiness in the company of my friends.	1
I'm freaking out. I desperately want VIP tickets for the Melbourne Interactive Introverts. They mean a lot to me and I'm stressing. Augh! Haha!	I will feel so lucky if I get VIP tickets for the Melbourne Integrative Introverts.	1
Can't explain how much I hate uni! Why did I ever decide to go. I am to retarded to be there! essaywriting	I am regretting going to university, this is a chance to reevaluate my life goals.	1
I don't wanna be awake! These nightmares need to go away and let me rest at night. annoyed	Having a hard time resting because of my nightmares, but I'm sure it will get better in a few days	1
i wish i could just not do the work i missed, this is to much.	At least when I have done the work it will be over with then I can relax.	1
I swear these dreams I've been having lastly are going to give me grey hair	I understand that dreams are just that, dreams... And they don't define my mood.	1
Argh!!! Recruitment system is down so have to print over a 100 applications!! Not how I wanted to spend my Friday! :(	Recruitment system is down so have to print over a 100 applications! I hope to finish it soon and enjoy my Friday.	1
I hate writing a paper on a book you don't understand or remember. It's due in two days and I don't even have a paragraph written.	I need to work on focusing and not procrastinating when it comes to writing papers.	1
Freaking out about the history exam tomorrow, I don't know half of what I should	I am nervous about the history exam tomorrow, so I am going to stay up late tonight to study.	1
COOKIE DOUGH/NUTELLA EMERGENCY IN VILLAGE 411 and by that I mean someone please bring me cookie dough and/or Nutella to my room	I don't feel well but at least I know that some cookie dough or nutella will make me feel better.	1
So many things to do that are due tomorrow :c Then I'm probably going to fail the geometry and bio test. beenprocrastinating ugh	I seriously need better time management to complete tasks on hand and prepare well for tests.	1
feel like i've read so much notes but still know nothing! the end of feb can't come quick enough	Studying hard but still ready for the end of Feb	1
I have a economics quiz tomorrow and I haven't even looked at it nor do I know what it's even about.	I have an economics quiz tomorow but if I start studying now I might pass.	1
I need a calming "woosa" moment like the captain in Bad Boys 2 right now	I'm thankful that I realize I need a break, and I honor my alone time.	1
You recently asked whatareyoulettingintoyourlife To CAUSE you to become disturbed angry upset Well,the answer is emotions God forbid that we could analyze away Those Pesky Things	I need to begin going to therapy to help manage my negative emotions.	1
I absolutely hate this inequalities in society class!!I dont understand how Im doing better in my math class than this damn class	I absolutely hate these inequalities in society class. I will change these things.	1
All da sudden i feel really sick mi somach hurts i wanna throw up ughh :( im so fustraded	I have to go to doctor to make my stomach free from pain.	1
I would feel like crap when I have a bunch of homework and I have banquet in 3 days sick	I would feel like crap when I have a bunch of homework I have to done it.	1
Really don't want Christmas to be here, since the fact my dads gonna go apeshit when I don't come over	this Christmas not going over to my family's. #adulting	1
The last day of break :( aka the day I hate myself for not being more productive. Future Aileen is going to suffer for it.	I'm going to use my time more productively from now on.	1
I'm to the point I just want to drop all my classes and move home. lazy	Time to reorganize my thoughts, be motivated and keep studying	1
Holy crazy day at work. Being 'in charge' is a scary, yet exciting endeavor. tired stressed	Even with the difficulties and stress I am grateful for the trust they had in me to put me in charge.	1
I have 2 projects due Tuesday. And everyday this week and next week I'm working or I have something going on	I have 2 projects due on Tuesday. Every day this week and next week I'm working. But I am glad to keep myself busy to keep negative thoughts off my mind.	1
Woke up at 5:40 this morning Seriously why does my body put me to sleep at 1:30 then wake me up at ungodly hours fuckfinals	I can't sleep at night during finals, but they will be over soon.	1
and then we found out there was no bathroom on our 8 hour bus panicmode crying	We found out there was no bathroom on our 8 -hour bus, but there is always a gas station in all places.	1
OH MY WORD. Give me the bloody chainsaw and I'll flippin' do it. Quit with the constant stopping and starting! aarghhh	I can use the chainsaw for you, and then it’ll get done faster	1
I just want someone to come over with a BIG bag of peanut butter m&ms!!!	Someone will be there to comfort me when I need it the most.	1
I hate having no money and having everyone in my family to buy gifts for still.	I still need to buy some gifts, even though I'm low on cash. At least I have people to buy gifts for.	1
I'm not sure how long I can go on without hanging out with any of my friends. The only means through which I could really de-stress was in the company of strangers and with them. The covid cases keep skyrocketing too. COVID19	Hopefully soon I will be able to see my friends and this covid thing will be over.	1
Starting tomorrow i have to read 5 summer requirement books and finish my flvs. Hopefully in 22 dayss! Crap no time	I have a lot of work to do in 22 days but I know that I can smash it because I'm so hard working.	1
It's finally Friday, there's finals next week, but one thing is missing.. My captain morgs	I'm going to make sure I study hard for my finals next week, so I can ace those tests!	1
Looks like me and every other E.R cheerleader will be practicing the dance during school cheerprobz	I'll be practicing the dance with the other cheerleaders during school cheerprobz	1
I hate how teachers give so much work at the end of the year and use "it's not summer yet" as an excuse	I am looking very much forward to summer. I am learning a lot right now, but it is also a lot of work.	1
Sometimes you have to stop and let her go, its not worth the fight if she isn't down to be there for you. Like you are for her.	It is better to look for a new start if she is not interested in you. It is not worth the fight.	1
I genuinely do not know how I will get this assignment done for friday. Why does it have to be diwali weekend	All the fun of Diwali this weekend means that I will really need to focus to complete my assignment for Friday.	1
Pros and Cons to both options, but I don't know which one out weighs the other.	I am confident that I will choose the best option though.	1
Can tell mum hasn't lived with me for a while, she doesn't fold my wires away properly ocd annoying	I can teach my mom to fold my wires properly. It's fun having her around.	1
hmmm should i do a black and white profile selfie pic on facebook where i'm looking all serious and not smiling?	Should I do a black and white profile selfie pic on facebook where i'm looking all serious and not smiling? It will probably make me look professional.	1
I am so effing emotional I have to sell tons of my crap just to pay my remaining bills off. I'm freaking out I tell ya. I need groceries to freaking eat.	I am so sad about having to sell tons of stuff just to pay my remaining bills off. But I need groceries to eat.	1
Going to a Sarah's in a hour and haven't even got ready someone kill me now	Am going to a Sarah's in an hour and still i havent got ready i need to do something seriously.	1
Hayyyyyy.. I need motivation and inspiration ow positivity that's what i badly need right now	Positivity and inspiration really help me get motivated when I need to get things donw.	1
I hate packing up my things. I just put too much things in one case.  minneapolisbound	Time to pack for an exciting new adventure.	1
our flights bkd for July 23 to Lanz and on tracking pport due for issue 22nd-is there a way of having earlier? mum	Can I change my flights, so they are a bit earlier? Can we do that mum?	1
I think if i were to clear my mind outside constantly, i would be less	I think if i were to clear my mind outside constantly to carry on	1
My nails are usually long I never bit them but now they look terrible I ripped them all off	My nails are usually long. I never bit them, but now I ripped them all off. But not big deal, they will grow soon.	1
Headphones on blast, just gonna go for a long ride on the four wheeler. Got a lot on my mind!	I love riding on my four wheeler and listening to music to relax.	1
I wish I had my car so I could just get in the car and go for a cruise. And jam. Get some thoughts out.	Longing to go on a car ride	1
bad luck comes in threes, 4th lot of bad luck, why does it have to come again?	I've been having a lot of bad luck lately, but I know this is only temporary.	1
When the internet doesnt work at school and you have a 5 page report due monday with only 2 pages done	The internet doesnt work at school, and I have a 5 page report due monday with only 2 pages done. But I'll find a way to finish my work and everything will be fine.	1
Trying to complete my Marketing report for Degree and holding down a full time job, is no easy task frustrated	Having a full time job while taking classes is a lot of work, but it will definitely pay off once I finish my degree.	1
It feels like someone's tightening a necktie way too tight against the front of my throat. Worried immensely.	I'm going to learn to take all of my energy and use it to calm myself down instead of worrying.	1
Thanks for misinforming me and sending me unnecessarily to the nightmare that was Oxford Street.	Oxford street was awful but at least I know not to go back again	1
Ugh! I've been thinkin a lot of things lately. Oh puhleeeaassee! Cut me some slack. I seriously need a break from everything!	Ugh! I've been thinkin a lot of things lately. I seriously hope to get a break from everything!	1
You know when you have a lot to do in a week and dont know where to start from? Well this week is that week.	I have this week when you have a lot to do but don't know where to start, but I hope I can do it!	1
My head feels like it's going to explode and my heart feels like it's in a million little pieces.	My head is aching, and I am a bit depressed, but I hope to pull through it.	1
This next month will probably be the most stressful month of my life. So there's that.	Next month will be stressful, but then I'll be home free	1
The fact soccer has been my stress reliever for the past 5 years and now I can't even do that.	Soccer was my stress reliever for the past 5 years, and now I can't do that. But I'm sure I'll find another great hobbie.	1
the last thing I wanna be and do is waste, apparently, im a few steps away fr the dump trucks disappointed depressed bombarded	The last thing I want to be and do is waste of time	1
I would wake up the morning of my two finals and feel like complete crap. = sick	I would take pills if I got sick so, I could get better and be able to do my finals peacefully	1
Need to be out of this drought so I don't have to feel guilty taking hot salt baths. necessary	I'm so lucky I am still able to have hot salt baths. I know this drought will end soon.	1
I cannot wait until 11 am ill finish my last hour in school and some of this stress will be gone cantwait	At 11 am i'll finish my last hour in school, and some of this stress will be gone. I'm so glad I'll be free, and I can't wait to that!	1
Can I just go ahead and redo everything I've done the past few months? thatdbegreat	Even though at times I wish I could redo certain things, I like to live by having no regrets.	1
not going to school because these kids are threatening to shoot it the fuck up but idk what's worse getting shot or missing school	I'm not going to school because of a shooter warning but might get in trouble for missing school. Wish they'd just tell us to stay home.	1
the struggle in finding a winter ball dress is worse than finding something to wear for homecoming	It's really hard to find good dresses for a winter ball, I want to look the best I can!	1
4 tests in the next 3 days. I didn't realize it was exam week already	4 tests in the next 3 days. I didn't realize it was exam week already. Hope I perform well.	1
Exams getting onto me :/ and also Depressed. Wish I knew why I was down this much. :/	Exams are hard but I'm sure that everyone is having a tough time right now. I'm sure I'll start to cheer up after they're over.	1
Bad day ready to hurt some people but ready to go on a mini road trip with	I am really looking forward to a mini road trip after what started as a rough day.	1
Church,Math homework, Paper due tomorrow, and Bible quizzing..ya you could say my night was a little busy!	Upcoming days are busy I have to be prepare for it.	1
I worked for three years and to this day when I wear red& khakis I panic and think that Im late for work	It is so funny that I still panic when I wear red khakis.	1
Today 2 people just didnt show up to their shift and another girl called in sick. I need a drink	Others could simply be a little more responsible with their work shifts to care for more sick children.	1
Stress is the killer of dreams. No really, I'd love to sleep and dream a little, but im way to stressed.	I'm stressed out now but soon it will all be over and I can relax.	1
Life is only as complicated as you make it. Let it steer you or you get in the drivers seat incontrol. Only you decide.	This is your life, you only get one, so live it to the fullest!	1
Why does everything have to go wrong, life sucks when i can never do anything right, i just mess everything up 24/7	Life may suck right now, but I know this pain is just temporary, and life will be better soon.	1
huge math final this morning :/ This is the test that makes or breaks my grade. :S	Today is the big day, I hope I do well on the math test.	1
I feel like I spend so much time on other peoples problems that there is no time left for me	I have no time for involve other people problems.	1
I feel like I've been trying really hard lately to convince myself that I'm totally okay  gettingtome	Sometimes convincing me is just another word to talk about I‚Äôm sure I‚Äôm okay.	1
Everybody is all hype to go home for break and I'm sitting here like.HOME?! stressed drama myfave	I need to stay at work for the break but the extra money worth it!	1
all my problems would be solved if I could just get buried in a pile of puppies	I feel as life is bad now but I know that I will be stronger and will turn my life around.	1
Maybe if the world ends tomorrow it won't be so bad. At least I won't have to finish UCAS by tomorrow and take my theory	I've dedicated myself a lot and I know I'll finish my UCAS and take a good theory	1
Once I come into the office I remember why I tend to drink so much this semester.. My co-instructor drives me crazy sadtweet	My co-instructor really gets in my head sometimes but I know he wants the best for me	1
UGHdo you ever just wanna punch something because you mess your nails up so bad you don't even know what to do.	Whenever I get upset at myself, I take a deep breath and give thanks for being alive.	1
Company call centres really do need to learn that "sorry" really does go a long way!!	I do hope company call cantres learn to say “sorry”.That would be nice.	1
Sat down with 2 days to go panicking about stuff that must be done! weddingproblems weddingplanning	I can't wait to get married I only have two days to go. Lots of planning to do.	1
My list of things to accomplish is always longer than the amount of hrs in a day! I can never keep up. My goals are months behind.	My list of things to accomplish is always longer than the amount of hours in a day. My goals are months behind, but I know I will accomplish it.	1
Feeling like I have the weight of the world on my shoulders and I'm gonna collapse	I feel the world on my shoulders right now, but I know it's only going tobe for a short while	1
Sitting for half an hour deciding to use red or brown sauce on my soda then realising I have to make life decisions later.	I can't be wasting time with useless decisions when I have to make important decisions about my life.	1
Being this stressed out is not ok and it is definitely taking a toll on me.	This stress is affecting me a lot. I hope to get out of this soon.	1
I hate making decisions I would rather have a decision assistant. Either make my decisions, or help me with them!	I have so many choices in life it's amazing to have options	1
This week I have an essay due for rhetorical writing, which if you know me well you know I have no idea what Im doing when it comes to essay writing. Wish me luck	I will be working hard on my rhetorical writing assignment which can only help me get better.	1
I want to die die help me damnit I want die stupid  people stupid damn life why I can't die I wanna dieeeeeeeee damn life damn people I'm tired and this Tweet is useless too damn  humans  depressionfeelslike	There are times when I feel like I want to die, because I feel depressed and tired, but I'll look for help and be okay.	1
I've noticed that I wasted 10 years of my life being your friend and you never really cared about me at all thanks	Even though we don’t have the same definition of affection, these last years of friendship I had with you, I really value them.	1
The one day I finally have time to read and I have no motivation to at all. sigh	The one day I finally have time to read	1
Its 2AM and 8AM I have a final test for my OS Config subject. I dont even know anymore why Im like this.	Not long to go until the final test for my OS Config subject. Nearly there, it will be worth it in the end!	1
Have to edit all 4 shoots from this weekend and have 2 exams and a presentation for school this week then have all my mini sessions next weekend and then finals the following two weeks, then more mini sessions	I've got a full schedule of editing shoots, taking 2 exams, a presentation for school, mini sessions and finals. I'm strong enough to tackle it all.	1
Glad I have my bestfriend to talk to on a bad day! loveyouuu hateschool	Glad I have a friend I can rely on, school is so useful!	1
Come onnnn come one come on I do not want this client to be late to her appointment!	I'm glad this client called and said she was running late to her appointment, otherwise I'd be angry.	1
Foreigners are everywhere now days' oh fuck off half the 'foreigners' you're seeing were pissing born here-.- angry	I hope people start to realize that people who look different from them also can be citizens of this country.	1
From now on Im keeping the Sabbath day Holy. No more work for me on Sundays, Im taking advantage of Gods gift of rest!	I'm glad I planned my schedule so that Sundays are always a break day for myself.	1
I knoe it's due tommorow but I still can't seem to concentrate and do it what is wrong with mee!!	I know that the paper is due tomorrow and it is tough for me to focus, but if I get this done I can finally relax.	1
Why do I have to get a really bad cold the week of two deadlines and nabs! Argh	I will take time to rest and get back to work as soon as I feel better!	1
I am so sick of spending my weekends visiting my dad in the hospital. Maybe I'm a terrible person, but I just want some me time.	I am so sick of spending my weekends visiting my dad in the hospital. I feel bad for him.	1
Are you feeling tired anxious lackofenergy upset insomnia cantswitchoff I can help you with some distance reiki for the cost of a	If you are feeling tired and anxious without energy, some distance Reiki will help you lift your spirits.	1
We have a little dinosaur that we hide from each other at work and weve been looking for this little guy all night and I feel like a mom who lost her kid at the zoo.	I think it's great that I can play fun games like hide the dinosaur at work with my coworkers.	1
This boy is going to give me a hard time What happened to third time is a charm	I have experience with this boy and am prepared to deal with him.	1
Im freakin out. I left my shoes, my poms and my clothes is Hailey's gym locker and Im going to be in trouble at practice and idek.	My coach wont be happy but I will explain her and she will understand!	1
The amount of work I have to do these last 3 weeks of classes is not okay hurrysummer	I know that I will be able to relax after these 3 weeks! Awesome!	1
Bedtime hoping for an upbeat day tomorrow I can't be stressed.. It's in the past I can't change it..Wish I could but I can't..	Understanding that what is in the past cannot be changed is part of the way I have to be optimistic in the future	1
I hate having split family. I have to pick where im going tomorrow and i cant decide..	I'm glad my family is together again, that moment is behind me.	1
I'm just trying to relax and can't because I feel like I'm drowning in all the shit that I feel like I have going on. I just want to keep it together and get through this tough part of my life.	I am very stressed but it will get better with some time alone.	1
oh I know it wasn't me I just wanted you to say let's get wasted	We should go get some drinks and have fun!	1
ManI hate how many people I have to shop for during Christmas time. This is the one time having a big family sucks.	I wish Christmas season ends quickly so that I can be done with all this shopping.	1
Waking up in a panic thinking you've waaaay overslept when you've only slept 3 hours.	I worry too much about not losing my commitments. I thought I had slept a lot but I only slept 3 hours.	1
The fact that the Common App won't let me pay for my application ThanksForNothing DefinetlyNotMeetingTheDeadline	Im having a hard time with the Common App but at least I can improve my problem solving skills.	1
I'm supposed to leave work in a half hour, but I still have like 6 things to do and Roxanne wont stop talking to me	If Roxanne doesn't stop talking to me, I won't be able to finish in time to get off work in half an hour.	1
To my loved ones and friends. If I have been hard to get a hold of or seem like I am not around much, it is finals week for me.	Even though I have not been around people lately because of my finals at least I will be able to finish the finals.	1
Trying to revise chemistry. Why can't I get my head around what a bloody element or a compound is! Arghhhhhhh.	Trying to revise chemistry. It's hard but I'm sure I'll mange to learn it.	1
Why am I cleaning at this hour of the night?! No, I have the active family gene! PortuguseProbs	Cleaning at this hour of the night, I'm so productive!	1
We're all probably angry. All a bit depressed. We can't help but struggle with ourselves. And we're always way too	All of us have our own problems, and it would be wise of us to be optimistic and find a solution to it.	1
Being double entered is a bad idea when a school has three buildings. It's a cool school though.	I love this school only criticism, but I think there needs to be a few more doors, hopefully they'll be added.	1
I seriously get like a total of 10 hours of sleep a week. teamnosleep	I would be happy if I could get about 10 hours of sleep in a week.	1
Today was not my day and neither was yesterday. I have way too much going on.	Even if today was not my day and neither was yesterday at least it means that good days might come soon.	1
DO NOT go with Npower The company is shocking! I've now had 4 different amounts for my final bill shocking	I hope I resolve the issues with my bill with Npower and switch to a different provider soon.	1
I've been clenching my jaw so much lately that the sides of my face are sore	I will go get a relaxing face massage and feel much better!	1
In so much pain. I hate being sick. My neck fucking hurtttttts. " OHMAHGAWD MILES SAID DA F BOMB	My neck hurts and I am in so much pain, but I'm going to avoid negativity and saying curse words so I can feel better mentally.	1
For some reason I feel like imma have to fight for what's my mine; But idk that I really should have too . :/ worried	I have to work a lot for what's mine but at the end it will help me treasure more the things I have!	1
Such a stressful day. I cried a little got angry sad depressed smh. Ready to just go to bed but	It was not the best day today. I wasn't feeling well emotionally, but I'm ready to go to bed, and I'm confident that tomorrow will be better!	1
I swear i can never have a real day off every week i always have to work on my days off	I wish I would get a real day off every week from now on.	1
Waking up every morning n cn not wait for it to be bedtime again ha Least I gt my girls n my man tired stressed x	Every morning I remind myself that I will be in bed at night where I will relax so I think about how good I will feel when getting in bed.	1
Wee boy has chicken pox it's horrendous! Wee shame not ideal with a new born baby aswell!	At least the baby got chickenpox now. When she grows up, she won’t suffer from it anymore.	1
10 past 2 in the morning and still wide awake with to much on my mind	I'm going to learn how to stop worrying and just relax when I'm in bed.	1
Thinking about going to college after resiting sixth form :/ Can't plan your life without doing the wrong thing once or twice?	Sometimes stepping into college is the hardest time of all, but it’s the first step to greatness.	1
Driving 13 hours is exactly what i want to be doing right after a 3 day tournament	I have a long drive to do after a 3 day tournament but I will be able to go through with it since I am a strong person.	1
It's so hard not to be selfless. I'm trying to help others but it seems like it's coming back to haunt me.	I am learning about setting limits with others.	1
Last night I cried myself to sleep ! I could never think the same again ughhhhh	I could never think the same again	1
My life will be so much less stressful once I get these Internship applications sent out!	I hope to send out these internship applications as soon as possible. So that I can be relaxed.	1
It's crazy how just when you feel like everything is coming together then it all comes crashing down!!	It’s sad when everything comes crashing down, but there is always a next chance.	1
Being stressed without a millimeter of white space in our calendar was not God's original plan.	God never intended us to be stressed so much.	1
Very happy to be getting an extra dose of and today but what is this music?!	Music helps me get through hard times so that's good.	1
The 1st thing I'm going to do when I get home from work is make a drink. Stiff one. annoyed	I can't wait to have a drink when I get home!	1
I herd you joined tha marines man, mad respec man I tried to join the national guard once but turned out I was too	I am keen on my work so I will complete my work on time.	1
went to sleep for 3 hours after school and going to bed early tonight exhausted	The day was full today, sleep is good to rest	1
Trying to makeup a weeks worth of work well not falling behind more is basically impossible	I have a lot of work to catchup on but I feel at least its easy to follow up on the topics.	1
I am so so so tired. If I fall asleep before 9:30 I won't be shocked. rundown	Exhaustive day. Can't wait to see my bed.	1
I think before I take any further classes, I need to take a speed reading course.. notenoughtime =(	Time to take a speed reading course to help with my classes.	1
Finally got some gd sleep but now my head and face hurts stressed jaw I can never win :( x	I finally managed to get hours of sleep!	1
Piled up with work and Chinese New Year hols are coming to an end. Time to get working!	Chinese New Year hols coming to an end. Time to put my mind back into gear and get working!	1
My eye twitches when I'm stressed out and I has been twitching for two weeks..I need a break from everything for a few days	Going to have a long rest then I'm sure I will feel way less stressed.	1
But really where is here? You could still be at the bottom. Where is here? I need to know.	Sometimes I don't know where my friend is but we can't know everything.	1
Setting up clsrm today, not sure if its still going to be my clsrm this yr. Scrapping all lessons frm last week and starting over.	I'm going to start doing my lessons first, so I can enjoy my days in a better way	1
It doesn't feel too bad outI feel a MAJOR skate sesh about to happen tonight. "we're having a skate sesh at dk!	Thank goodness it's a nice night for skating!	1
I hope my mom isn't mad at me in the morning I can't stop thinking about the way she went off on me :(	Once my mom gets back we will talk about what happened and sort everything out!	1
I'm thankful for what you've done. But I never really had a choice, did I	Im so thankful for what you have done.	1
Nasty c and tellamen thier trending we get they killed nasty c new album so can find another thing to tweet about	I'm glad that Nasty C got to release a new single and more people will be able to enjoy their music.	1
I have so much due this week and I haven't even started on any of it.	I'm pretty sure that If I focus long enough, I will get all the work I have done!	1
Starting the day of with a mental break down before lift only means my day can go up from here. needsummer	I have my fingers crossed that the day only gets better from here onwards.	1
The ringing in my ears won't stop. This has been going in for 20 minutes now. tired	I will feel so much better once it stops.	1
I am sssoooo stressed out. Damn if it's not one thing it's something else wtf	Better time management is all I need to efficiently complete all tasks on hands and relax post that.	1
Yo get your senior things in TONIGHT or you wont be apart of it. Sorry Im freaking	If your senior things get in tonight then everything will be sorted.	1
I really really hope i get this damn jobi can't do this all day everyday anymore	It's only a matter of time until I find a new job that I love.	1
I hate that I bite my cheeks. terriblehabbit nervous buttholeseapage .snuck that one in there	I will have more self-control going forward and stop biting my cheeks.	1
I literally just spent 2 full days doing homework (minus the 3 for the parade today) exhausted	All this hard-work I'm doing right now will do me great in the future!	1
When your so stressed that you bite your fingernails so short they hurt so bad <; fml hatethistime	I can't wait to get over this stressful times and get back to my earlier schedule.	1
I just want to stay home and cry for the next few days.. Or weeks.	I think it would be nice to take some time for myself and rest for a while.	1
Looking for ideas - if you were , anxious or depressed - What would encourage you to get help?	It would be nice to get ideas to get rid of depression and anxiety.	1
I'm so sad I still can't do a thing about the money taken/robbed from acct bc today is a holiday!	It ‘s bad that I can't do a thing about the money taken from my account as today is a holiday. But my problem will be solved tomorrow.	1
I hate Birmingham! Its a dump!! Only good thing about it is listening to some tunes Kerrang radio. Get me home to Ilson.	I love being able to listen to music on Kerrang radio station in Birmingham.	1
I dont wanna read AR. But I have to1,000, 000 people will fail AR if I dont. ToooMuchResponsibility	It makes me very happy to know that many people value my work and give me the responsibility to help them in their AR by just reading it.	1
the fact that I will be home on thursday is the only thing getting me through this mess of a week	This week is being hard, but what matters is that I'll be home on Thurdays, and I'm happy for that.	1
I have a headache because I keep gritting my teeth. I keep getting my teeth because. well I don't really know. :/	I have a headache from gritting my teeth, but luckily I'm going to a dentist to be able to help fix them!	1
Legs shaved, pits shaved ready to go back to work tomorrow, I think! I feel like I'm starting a new job. AUGH crazy anxious	I'm going to take all of my nervous energy and focus it on my new job tomorrow!	1
oh no, went to a marykay party + didn't know it was a marykay party toomanywomen //this is the worst!!	I made so many female friends in Marykay's party! It was awesome socializing and meeting new people!	1
It's not even 5 yet but I just wanna eat a bowl of ice cream and go to sleep.	I need to see what's wrong with me since it's not 5 o'clock and I just want to eat a bowl of ice cream and sleep.	1
No gas- no groceries- no money- rent due- car payment due- no money- bills due..	Even with the debts eating me deeply, I know I can get out of them in little.	1
Might have a place to live for the summernext year though is a whole other shitshow i have yet to figure out.	I feel that I am prepared to face the problems that are to come next summer, like the possibility of not having a place to live. But I can’t let something that hasn’t yet happened to get in the way of now.	1
Thought my assignment is due Friday but it turns out that I was wrong and it's due TOMORROW! Panicking	Thought my assignment is due Friday but it turns out that I was wrong and it's due tomorrow. I have to start now so I can finish that tomorrow.	1
I'm so stressed I have ate half a box of Girl Scouts cookies tonight fatty	I'm so stressed I ate half a box of Girl Scouts cookies. I think I had to go on diet.	1
Was hoping to have done this photography coursework by half 3 but it's not nearly 4 and I'm no where near done	I haven't done the photography coursework yet, but I know I will get it done by 4.	1
Can't decide if I want to scream at everyone or break down, curl in a corner, and bawl my eyes out.	I am not in a good mood right now, but I am looking forward to chilling out with my friends to get over these mood swings.	1
I swear I cannot have just one day where I'm not stressing about something. It's always one thing after another.	I am stressed on all days, but I have the confidence that I can pull through it.	1
the website still isn't working and eleri has not entered yet this is not ok	The website will work soon and Eleri will enter soon, I'm sure of it.	1
To All those that say doing a degree is like being on the dole- I agree for the first two years, after that you can fuck off	I agree when they say that getting a degree is like being unemployed, it's a sad reality.	1
You buyin me a drink later to celebrate my exam failure but at least I made it?	Your act of buying me a drink even after failing in my exams makes me happy. I feel energized.	1
Feeling anxious depressed give a call on 02476 671 090 and see how they could help you - Lines are open	Take care of yourself. Look for help. Life isn't easy, but there are ways for reducing the sorrow.	1
Park view just got fucked out of all their assemblies and all their extra curriculum activities.	I must accept that the visit to the park was hampered by the assemblies and extra activities.	1
It's weird to think that every decision we make in the next year could completely change our life's course.	Every decision we make in the next year could completely change our life's course for the better.	1
After my day today, I need to be swinging outside with a good book and a cold drink.	After I finish today, I get to spend time enjoying swinging outside with a good book and a cold drink.	1
Still waiting to see if I got the Cuyahoga job, a month and a half later..	Since it's been a month in a half I'm thinking that I need to start to be more open minded in what jobs are avaliable.	1
sinus FML only found out today we writing 2 Tests Tomorrow! Fucked! Guess it's an all nighter with	FML only found out today we writing 2 tests tomorrow. We have to stay up all night, but we can do it.	1
Telling me to go fuck myself like I'm the enemy, don't worry I won't try and help again you stupid girl!	At least I did a good deed helping this girl	1
2 days before the start trip Stressed How long? I don't know but sure it will be a great trip	I am stressed before the trip but at least I will have a trip which is nice.	1
I need to go somewhere and scream at the top of my lungs without someone thinking I'm getting murdered	I want to visit somewhere where I can be alone and scream happily.	1
I have a feeling I'm inching dangerously close to my first nursing school nervous break down	I am concerned about my mental health.	1
I hate the position I'm in and the decisions I'm going to have to make.	Even though I have to make some tough decisions, I'm thankful to at least be in this position that I earned.	1
I hate how we dont talk on the phone anymore. I miss the couple we used to be.	We don't talk much anymore but I'm sure we'll get together soon and then we can be a couple again.	1
I know my exam is in the afternoon yet I still have a mini heart attack thinking I've got it wrong and it's this morning	I am afraid I have the wrong time for my exam this afternoon, but I know I am right, and I need to trust myself.	1
I would like for once not to feel the need to panic because things aren't going right	In those moments I need to have self-control so I don't panic, be strong when things are not going well.	1
This 10 page research paper literally fucking sucks.. And that is the complete best way I can put it	Not a fan of this 10 page research paper but it's gotta get done	1
I wish I could stay asleep for longer than an hour. Hew knew someone could mean so much? tired	I have a lot on my mind, but thankfully I'm still able to get a good night's sleep.	1
Wanted to watch a movie I could fall asleep to - Shallows with was not the right choice for that. I couldnt just fall asleep not knowing what would become of that beloved seagull.	The movie Shallows kept me thinking about what became of that beloved seagull. I think even seagulls are important to life.	1
I guess u have to Cope with the things that happen u can't do anything about it	It would be good if you learn to handle things that happen beyond your control.	1
I don't even want to go to class tomorrow. This is going to be hell.	Not looking forward to class tomorrow. I need to remember this feeling and use it to motivate me so I don't procrastinate next time.	1
Have Had the worst migraine for days can't eat can't sleep litterally about to Puke sickgirl	Migraines are awful but hopefully I can get some good medication for it soon.	1
You know it's going to be a long day when you cry before 8 a.m.	Even though my morning was bad, I need to have energy so that the rest of my day is good	1
SMH!!!! UGHH U KNOW WHAT .. NO COMMENT, THIS ISNT GOOD FOR MY HEALTH IM TOO YOUNG TO BE FEELIN THIS OLD ..	There could be better thing for my health.	1
My boyfriend is in the hospital, under 72 hour surveillance with no visitors. sighs exhausted	My boyfriend is in the hospital, in 72 hours I will be able to see him, thank god it wasn't worse	1
Would kill to be as "poor" as I thought I was before I was actually poor.	Being actually poor has made me realize how well off I was earlier. I hope those days return.	1
I hate when all my teachers plan tests and assignments and they are all within 2 or 3 days so I have like over 5 things due	I have like over 5 things due, and they are all within 2 or 3 days, so I need to use this as an opportunity to plan my time effectively	1
Seriously though, what is sleep? I feel like I've lost the concept of sleep because of school appsych aplang apspanish	Not much sleep lately because of schoolwork. But I'm glad I'm trying hard.	1
can't wait to go to work for 12 hours tmrw and not think about anything except for little kids at work and what they got from santa	Can't wait to go to work for 12 hours for my kids.	1
Galatasaray 3 - 1 Real Madrid Could they pull of the impossible? I'm biting my nails here!	We just have a little bit more in the game and I'm sure my guys will pull it out!	1
It's not that I want school to end, it's more that I need it to end	Although I don't want school to end, I know that I need it.	1
Cant tell if I cant sleep because Im stressed about my exams this week or stressed about how bad my hair looks after cutting it myself	I now know to never cut my own hair when I should have been studying.	1
28% battery, trapped on a bus with people I don't know and i have no snuff. Gunna be a long night.	I hope I get to go home before my phone switches off.	1
OMG on the verge of a mental breakdown this kid is driving me up the wall!!!	My kid may drive me crazy, but I couldn't live without him.	1
sorry i dont think i cud watch ur twitcam this time cuz i have tons of hw to do :/ wish me luck tho :/	Sorry that I may not be able to watch your twitcam this time as I hae tons of things to do and I really could use your good luck, but not to worry, I'll make sure to make up for it after I am done.	1
Dreamt I choked on a piece of chicken and no one knew the Heimlich maneuver! That's gotta mean something right?	I had a dream that I did not receive assistance when choking, but I am thankful that I know how to use the Heimlich maneuver on myself in real life.	1
Listened to a song once today and its been going on loop around my head for the past 4 hours, why can't my French do the same?!	I would like the French language to play on a loop in my head like songs sometimes do.	1
the power at work tonight went out and the entire restaurant was pitch black. all the tvs and computers were down. and the grills.	Due to power failure today at the restaurant, everyone got a candle lit dinner for no extra cost.	1
There are times when as much as I would like to write or read or even watch TV the only thing I can focus on is video games.	Video games can help with improving reflexes so that's good that I dedicate time to playing.	1
Feels like I been walking around in a dream the past couple of days. Can't wait til oct 3 so this is all over hopefully. too much	Expecting October 3rd and making such an effort to live this present.	1
Why I chose to take hard classes my last semester of high school is beyond me	I took harder classes, so I need to work more, but I'm glad I am challenging myself, so I grow more academically.	1
I Can't Find My Kush. . . . Stressed Out. . What If My Folks Get Hold Of It! Damn	Losing things is normal for people so it can happen to me too.	1
When u spend ur day off buried under books not sure Ive actually got anywhere	Spending my days buried under my books will benefit me in the long run	1
In need of a new phone. Ayisekho indaba yale phone nyan nyan. I'll do whatever it takes just to get a new phone	I would love to replace my phone with a brand new one!	1
mothermovie don't watch this if you are 7.5 months preggers! In fact don't watch it at all! Stressed me right out!	I can't wait to have my baby, at least I know to only watch positive things about becoming a mother.	1
Trying to not jst hang up when Im mad. 95% of the time bf hasnt messed up, Im just So now I say politely "I need to get off the	My boyfriend made me mad but most of the time he is a really great person.	1
headache or is this migraine ? ughh.. my head just hurts so bad >;.<; pain overthinking heat summer	My head is hurting a lot, so glad that there are painkillers that help a lot with migraines	1
Had the scariest presentation ever in work infront of six suits, still shaking, pass a bottle of wine, fuck the glass!	I have to learn from my mistakes in today's presentation so that I can improve next time	1
I'm not in the mood for these ppl. Quick asking me for help. Do your own damn work.	Motivating others to do their best work	1
Been having wild dreams lately. Summary of 1. I got the role as Chip (the little teacup) in Beauty and The Beast on Broadway, but never read the script and I was also supposed to be the spotlight operator.	I had an amazing dream about getting a big role on broadway maybe it will come true.	1
I honestly never really get stressed or sad but for some reason I just haven't been feeling so great lately :( sad	I am not the usual person to get often stressed, but now I am not in high spirits.	1
Haven't had a good night's sleep in a week, mind is racing, stomach is in knots and my allergies are killing me. I'm one hot mess!	Even though I didn't sleep well and I have a lot of things in mind I know I will feel better since I am a strong person.	1
Telling myself there is no way a prof will fail me with 17 days of my college career left tiredofstudying	I just hope the professor will not fail me with 17 days of my college carreer left.	1
Why the hell was I forced to grow up so fast. Wish I could be like every other 18 year old I know	I had to grow up faster, so I am much more mature anat 18 than others.	1
Two 3000 word essays due in next week and I am only just starting them! Why do I do this to myself uni UniProblems student	I believe have the much-needed energy to complete the two 3000-word essays	1
If I had a dollar for every time I said, "If I can just get through this week" in college I would be all kinds o	I am strong enough to get through this.	1
I know how I feel I just wonder how u feel. Maybe I'm over thinkin things again.	I can understand how you feel, but I hope not to overthink things again.	1
Wants to go to sleep until Xmas day, then go back and hibernate until Aprilplease?! tired	Wants to enjoy Christmas day and April days in-between those days I have to work hard.	1
I hate packing for trips because all the things I wanted to bring somehow disappear overnight and once I get back they're in the most obvious places.	I'm going to pack everything early and re-check just to make sure I don't forget anything.	1
Definitely feeling a long napbut wait I have a bio test tomorrow that will consume my life tonight	Rest is important to me; I'm going to power nap then study hard for my test tomorrow.	1
I have absolutely no idea what I am doing with my life and it scares me.. A lot.	I know that I will continue to live and learn.	1
I dont get it..Im actually trying in school and i do worse than when i dont put in the effort	I'm sure that If I keep trying, all of this hard work will pay off!	1
so the wi fi isnt letting me check ucas or my emails is it trying to tell me something	I will stop trying several times and check what the problem is, whether it is the wifi or my emails are trying to tell me something.	1
Yesterday was so rough for my sister I couldn't think clearly. She sounds so better today hopefully I can actually get some rest	Yesterday was not easy for my sister but we are here for her and we will help her in her recovery.	1
The amount that I wish spring break started this Friday, not next Friday is astronomical. tired	Can't wait for spring break this Friday, so I can rest	1
I think the majority of my time in the past week has been spent calling companies to complain or query things.	I hope the companies improve their service so that I do not spend too much time complaining about them in the days ahead.	1
Crazy how your world can drastically change from one week to another gotta hang in there tho	The world is changing quickly, but it is something that I know I can handle.	1
I hate having to choose partners in a class where I have literally no friends. Tomorrow's gunna suck.	It is difficult to choose partners in class when there are no friends. But I hope to get a good friend soon.	1
So stressed, horrible night at work and I have 4 finals to study for and haven't even picked up one text book. ugh tired	After I am done studying for these four finals, I can finally rest.	1
I hate waiting on other people!!! Just let me get accomplished what I need to get done! Grrrr emailmeback stressed	I can't help doing what I have to do just to wait for other people. This will harm me.	1
Sick of crying all day. " I'm here for you if you ever need someone	I hope I am in a better frame of mind soon and look forward to more productive days.	1
Halloween be CUT THROAT this year. You better have a team of stylists or ya look is trash.	I am quite skilled in styling so I will look great on Halloween.	1
One day when I woke up and smiled thinking of you, it was gone on an instant from that call forever life alone tired sad	In spite of everything, your memory can still make me happy.	1
going back home for a few days while my roommates stay at the apartment, and I feel like a mom leaving the kids in charge of the house	My friends will do a great job taking care of our apartment!	1
To everyone who said senior year is the easiest, thanks for lying. I hate you.	To each person who stated senior 12 months is the easiest, thank you for lying. I don't like you.	1
Making a psychology presentation and I have no idea what's going on. My group has had about 5 arguments in the past 2 hours	The members of my group have to learn to work together so that we can have a successful psychology presentation.	1
if someone would care to be somewhat nice to me today, I'd greatly appreciate it.	Need some extra love and kindness today	1
still can't figure out how to register for my classes! i'm seriously on the edge of quitting college just so i can stop doing this	I will get assistance on how to register my classes, that way I will be able to do it by myself next time.	1
cameron was being naughty and didn't have his pram :( ! Haha doesn't even have themes its that ancient xx	Cameron forgot his stroller.  The stroller is an older model with no theme.	1
Studied and made notecards all night, uhhhh hate finals and keystones at the same time. Not a Happy Camper	I studied and took notes all night, I'm working hard and that's good.	1
That moment when someone tells you "youv really changed" and ur just like no? but duh theres a reason why here.	I am thankful that people take the time to notice how much effort I've put into improving. It was a lot of work, and I'm proud of myself.	1
If today doesn't completely destroy me the rest of the week will. midterms countdown to	I know I can't be phased out this week. Midterms will be a walk in the park.	1
The kids have only been home from school for half an hour and they're already getting on my nerves passmethewine	The human condition is hilarious. I was missing the kids when they were at the school but now I'm missing the hours ago when they weren't home.	1
We're having an inspection from DOT this week at work and I have to work late every shift this week. I also have midterms at school and trying to cut for this casting call like lord be with me !!	God will be with me to do my work, because I have a lot of work.	1
Waiting for the moment I crash and get totally burnt out. stressed neverends just too much going on.	After all this stress I know that I will fall from exhaustion and rest for hours, and I will finally be fine.	1
I'm that random girl that actually gets dressed during the last two weeks. I literally strive on no sleep and stress. delaware	I am happy that I am a carefree girl who dresses well in the last two weeks without any stress.	1
having to decide be two things that mean so much to me has got to be the hardest and worst..	I have a tuff choice to make, at least it will show me how to think about these decisions.	1
Next week is going to be hands down the hardest set of final exams I have ever taken.	Next week is going to be the hardest set of final exams I have ever taken. I have to study for it productively	1
I've never wanted to just throw my hands up this much in my entire life. Working so hard and getting nothing in return.	Working hard and getting nothing in return is difficult, but I'm ready for the challenge. I won't give up.	1
Like an ACTUAL panic attack. About a BACKPACK. Packing messes with my head so bad.	Sometimes I get panic attacks over the smallest things, this is bad but I know that it will get better with time.	1
So stressed out right now. I absolutely hate the finance part of the business course. Don't understand at all!	I don't understand the finance part of the business course at all, need to focus and get learning	1
Hi, my BOI 365 seems to be blocked. Just wondered is this just my account or is there general technical problems?	Hi, my BOI 365 seems to be blocked. Just wondered is this just my account or is there general technical problems? Thank you in advance	1
Fuck school and the teachers that wait till the last week to shove everything down out throats!	The last week of school is really hard but I am working hard so I can do it.	1
Do I understand anything about World War One? Absolutely not. Am I going to sleep? Definitely.	I hope a good night's sleep will help me understand World War One better.	1
Today has reaffirmed that I dislike being an adult and a hate Monday's. grumpy tired	I'm thankful for this past weekend, it was fun and gave me the energy to go through this week with a smile on my face.	1
Now you get tingling sensation eh? Good job boyfriend. Keep calling me. or i will abandon	My boyfriend will call me more after I talk to him about it.	1
I really hate that I have to opay back this money so quickly. Literally was on the phone likey'all can't wait until July?	I will try to pay this money back as soon as possible.	1
Go wipe your mouth , you still have a little Bullshit around your Lips !!	It would be better if you clean your mouth.	1
Going on a mini vacation :-)" take meeeeeeeee ! I need one soo bad.	I wish I were going on a minivacation, but I am doing important things right now.	1
Drinking a shit load of this over the next few weeks!! examtime stressed cantconcentrate redbull	Gotta reduce my energy drink consumption so I can concentrate and better prepare for exams over the next few weeks.	1
Cutting words out of coursework is harder than actually writing it in the first place!	I got everything I need written down, now I just have to edit it down to the right length.	1
Tired of feeling depressed I seem to do everything rite but at the end of that day I feel like I'm doing everything wrong stressed ..	I am going to be more positive from now and on.	1
Having volleyball or 2 hours then going straight to dance for 2 hours and now I lay here on my floor with no motivation to move	After playing volleyball for two hours and then also dancing for two hours it's normal to feel exhausted and thus have no motivation left.	1
To get through I keep reminding myself that one day I'll open my eyes and it'll all be a little easier.	It always gets better, even if things are hard now I know they will be great soon.	1
Why is trying to figure out what I want to do with my life so freakin difficult!	Figuring out what I want to do in life is ofcourse difficult, but one can learn it in course of time.	1
Every little bone has a damn name , every curve every grove or dip ugggghh wtf	The beauty of medicine is that part of the body is unique and has its own name	1
If I don't end up with at least a 3.0 this semester I have to pay the difference for insurance. fml	I did my best and I know I'll get a good grade	1
Why cant I think what I want to do in life or at uni?! :'(	I am quite certain of what I want to do in life or at uni!	1
there's no amount of coffee, chocolate, &/or naps thats will ease the stress that has been today	This is a good opportunity to find something new to help me de-stress today.	1
I've been doing homework since 3pm and it's already 8pm wtf I'm never going to finish	I need to start working earlier on my homework assignments in order to submit the same on time.	1
I'm fed up of losing things :( and now I'm too tired to look for them :'(	I feel bad about losing things but I hope to find them soon.	1
After my overdose, I started writing down my thoughts at the end of each day, hoping to be less stressed. Tonight I wrote 21 A6 pages. That's a record	I am very proud of myself for my growth.	1
Have had a headache for 2 days hurts so bad I've puked. Nothing is helping maybe my brain is about to explode	Have had a headache for 2 days hurts so bad I've puked. Nothing is helping maybe my brain is about to explode. At least I don't have to go in to work.	1
People really dont understand how hard I try for them. Just work with me please. Feels	As people don't realize my hard work, it would be better if you work with me. But I am happy that I have been able to work hard.	1
The fact that I have 6 lessons of math due tomorrow and biology labs and biology test Thursday makes me want to just scream!	Thursday makes me want to just scream when I think about that.	1
So the only way I have to go home is the freeway and I almost died taking it down here soooooo pray for Krista	It makes me feel grateful that there are people who care about me as I travel on the freeway.	1
In desperate need of a spa day! Mani pedi massage The whole 9 Who's treating!?	It would be lovely to have a spa day soon to pamper myself.	1
Spent 6 stressful hours with my fiancee at the ER last night. The admitting doctor basically said her PCP is an idiot and just sent us home. On the bright side, we apparently met our insurance deductible AND my fiancee isn't about to die! Tired	I am grateful that my partner is still alive after spending 6 stressful hours in the ER.	1
I feel like I'm gonna fail this AP chemistry test no matter how hard I study.	I feel like I'm going to fail this AP chemistry test. So I got to study really hard to pass.	1
yeah spoke to her today twice she said to bring note in tomorrow dunno what time to go down tho :/	When I speak with people and decide to meet later, I need to be more clear so that I'm not left wondering when to meet.	1
A couple hours with no social media and a little john Mayer was well needed.	I am going to do much better since I took a social media break and heard some John Mayer.	1
Just smile, take a deep breath, and pretend that you don't want to cry in your room for like 2 months  seriously	Just smile, take a deep breath and cheer up! Things will be fine soon.	1
I just wish I wasn't so unsure about everything and I know what's going on with my life	I just need to give my life some thought and I'll be able to know what I want to do.	1
My bedroom is such a mess! I don't even no where to begin!! needaclearout help	My bedroom is such a mess. I think it's time to give it new style.	1
I just feel lately I'm going crazy! I don't want to go crazy! notagain why	I should change myself.	1
If this week continues to be this hard I'm dropping out of school and running away.	I am going to relocate and discontinue my education.	1
Bruh.. I just started crying due to the fact that Tom Hiddleston is actually real.. In other words Greetings. I am alive. Well, alive as one person can be while in any college program that is medical related.	I work so hard and I am doing medicine which is incredible, I'm doing fab.	1
Ugghh! 7 hours of work for training, 12 hours of studying for an exam, and 2 days behind at work	I have lots of work to do, but I also have a lot of confidence in myself to handle it all.	1
1st appearance in court today to give evidence after being attacked, one of the worst experiences for a long while	Thankfully, I was able to give evidence in court about my attack. Hopefully it gets the guy put away for a while.	1
That scary moment when you realize you have no clue what you're going to do with your life and you graduate in just a few months.	I don't know what I'm going to do with my life but I'm graduating in a few months which is nice!	1
Knocking out a 5 page, 1500 word, 4 source research paper due in a little over 12 hours from now in less than 25 hours.	I have reached 5 pages, 1500 words and 4 sources in less than 25 hours!	1
I hate when 4 different projects come up when your going on a trip and you need to get them done before tomorrow night!	Just need to get these projects done, then I can relax and go on my trip.	1
guess I'll take care of the mess I made in the morning too tired to worry about it now. hopeitworksout	I do have a mess to clean up but it shouldn't take me too long to get everything spic and span again.	1
Stressed   : I clicked follow all by accident .. Now my IG is full of ugly black project bitches from FB	I accidently followed all on Instagram but it will be interesting since I will discover new people.	1
Trying so hard to avoid the thoughts of exams unfortunately they have snuck up on me.	Avoiding thoughts of exams is somewhat a tough job, but the forthcoming vacation lifts my spirits up.	1
Common sense is not always what we need, sometimes we just gotta grab reality by the nuts and punch it in the face.	Sometimes determination and drive is all you need.	1
Phone has been going crazy all day. Making hella big moves in a short period of time	My phone's going crazy. I have many friends calling me.	1
She knew she was naughty and I've not spoke to her OMG breathe!!!!! crankymum upset oakleeindoghouse	My friend did something bad.  I need to take a few days to let things settle down, and then I'll contact her again.	1
I hate going to bed and thinking about all the school work I still have to do before the end of the year done	The end of the school year is almost here, just a bit more work, and I'll be free!	1
I can't wait to be done class, drive home (in hopefully no more rain) and crawl into bed for hibernation.	I am eagerly awaiting to finish class, drive home and get some good sleep.	1
These next two weeks are going to be rough as hell. Just hoping to make it thru.	The next few weeks are going to be really hard but I know that I will grow from them.	1
hey soph feel bad not saying anything 4 the follow Uni Dissertation :(, Hope things are well with you though! x	Hey Soph I hope your Uni dissertation went well! Cant wait to catch up soon x	1
Been kicked out Nan and Grandads for telling the truth :/ so staying at my brothers house! So stressed out its unreal..	Despite the situation, I can think of some good things about being at my brother's house	1
Not a good morning stressed tired alone vomiting but I have to go to work for my son's because I'm	Today, the morning is rought but I will take a coffee and everything will get better.	1
Time for some sleep after a long day of studying A&P back at it In the morning..	I'm thankful I get to sleep before doing more studying.	1
Crying for my math test tom. Getting a D on the quiz past backed today wasn't encouraging.	I'm not confident about my math test, getting a D on the quiz past backed, wasn't encouraging. But I'm a resilient person, so I have to trust myself and get it done.	1
I was hoping to finally have some stability. Guess you can't get everything you ask for. I can't say I wasn't warned	I don't have the stability I wanted. I need to listen to advice.	1
Saturday: write papers all day. Clean room. Bake random Pinterest recipes. Write up hypothesis for all research write final paper	I'm happy with my Saturday: writing articles all day. Clean room. Make random recipes from Pinterest. Write the hypotheses for all research and write the final article.	1
Omg I hate you and I don't even know you ahhhh!!!!!!!! Never thought I'd hate a girl over a las but you ahhhhh	I really don't know you, but your actions aren't very nice.	1
Literally feel like a crippled old lady on her death bed, whos organs are shutting down. grr	I feel horrible right now. Hopefully the feeling passes soon.	1
Kids are asleep so it's time to study!! Test tonight and I'm soo not ready	Kids are asleep so it's time to study! The test is tonight, and I don't feel ready right now, but I can learn fast and I'll do great!	1
I HATE NOT HAVING A DAMN PHONE!!! To much is going on right now for me not to have oneI have no way to vent to anyone!!	I understand how hard it is to be incommunicado for not having a phone, but sometimes I appreciate the calm I can have of being alone.	1
I wish our massage therapist wasnt out of town. I need one so bad!! knots hurts	I need a massage and my therapist is out of town. I hope to find another one.	1
i hate the fact that Lucas gets told he would be in Virginia today and then gets told last minute that they are changing it to next weekend  i just want my husband closer to home	My husband is far away now, but at least it's not permanent.	1
Laid down in bed before getting ready for bed, but now I don't wanna get up laziness tired	No procrastination! I'll get up and put on my sleepwear!	1
Really? I hate packing anyways, but when I know I'm packing clothes for a wedding, it's 4 times worse than packing for a vacation	I've never liked packing, especially when going to a wedding, but I can still thank you for being able to travel!	1
About to put an ice pack on my head and try to sleep.. I can't even get my English done. sick	I'm sick, so I can't even get my English done... But I'll put an ice pack on my head, sleep, and soon I'll be better.	1
2 hours sleep is not what you need before a trip down the M67 or an interview	You need more than 2 hours of sleep before a trip down the M67 or an interview.	1
Thank God Im done with all that's due tom. Hope I get to study for the two long exams on tuesday.	I'm so thankfull and relieved that I finished all my task, now I can focus on study for my test.	1
The amount of things that I have to do within the next 48 hours <;<;<;	The next 48 hours I'm going to be super busy getting everything done, but after that I get to chill.	1
The next month is going to be unbelievably busy which I loveeeeee, but hate as I'm drowning in work	I love the work that I do, and this month will be giving me a lot of it.	1
UGH! I'M SO MAD CAUSE MY FACE IS STARTING TO BREAK OUT and MY HAIR IS FALLING OUT! IT'S BEEN A WHILE SINCE I WENT THROUGH THIS!!!	People get old and that's just part of life of being human.	1
I've never been so exhausted from studying.. broke my rule for cramming before finals. Gotta do what I gotta do. borderlinegrades	I'm tired from studying, and I broke my rule for cramming before finals. But I have to be strong, keep going, and in the end everything will be fine.	1
My daughter has been an absolute rascal today! Had to get her in headlock a few times! She's finally in bed so few beers I think	Fun time with the daughter and now I can drink and wind down	1
Hate when I can't sleep because so many things are running through my mind. And all of them have to do with school fml	Hate when I can't sleep because so many things are running through my mind I have to stop it.	1
The only question I want answered in life is why does ONE VEIN have 50 different names. Each turn the vein makes they	Learning sometimes can be hard but it's normal since it's not supposed to be an easy process.	1
I honestly have no idea how I'm gonna get through the day on two hours of sleep.	it will be difficult to endure the day because I slept only two more hours, but I know that I am able to endure.	1
Just started my online: school none of books have arrived, I don't know how to submit my work, and my mom is being as lazy as ever	Im so happy to be starting online school, just need to wait for my books to arrive now.	1
Trying to find a new home in a city you barely know is the most difficult task. Knowing nobody doesn't help.	It will be a challenge that I will have to overcome if I want to find a good home in this city. Despite not knowing anything, I know that I am capable.	1
Weird dreams, a restless baby, and the worry that we are going to get evicted today= absolutely no sleep for me.	It is necessary to stop thinking about the problems and the mind to be able to go back to sleep	1
Being stressed out is bothering me because I have a bad headache and won't go away!! killme headache	It's high time I learn to focus on ways to relax myself when stressed, to keep killer-headaches at bay.	1
Where are my guests?! We have to EAT and then get down to the duck race in the village for 2pm! !	I hope my guests come on time to eat and go to the duck race in the village at 2 p.m.	1
Trains late, woman next to me is breathing like a panting dog and its red hot	The train is late plus the women next to me is breathing heavy, but I'm not in a hurry, and I'll just ignore the noises.	1
If a normal person had as many thoughts run through their head as I do they might just go insane	I am really proud of myself for staying cool whilst feeling not my best.	1
I have no words to describe my day so far, but I do however have a ton of obscene gestures.	I'm pretty upset right now but tomorrow is a new day.	1
If I make it through this day without any break downs, it's gonna be a miracle. 3finals	The good thing about having a difficult day is that it is proportional to the learning.	1
I hate law, this is essay is just a big pile of crap cause I have no clue what I'm talking about! coursework rambling	I believe I am not very familiar with law as I am having difficulty understanding even what I am saying.	1
Im booking a massage as soon as this lockdown is over. One of those long 3 hour ones where they massage your face, head and eyes!	I have plans to get a massage after the lockdown is over and I know I will enjoy it more since I have been waiting for it.	1
I have never wanted a semester to end and not end so badly at the same time before! graduation	Wanting and doesn't want the end of the semester at the same time is an unfamiliar ambivalence. However, the end is independent of our wishes.	1
Note to self never cut grass again ever converse now green and fletch screaming for me to stop sweating	I'll need to find someone to cut the grass for me or plan better so that my converse is not green and fletch won't scream at me for sweating.	1
Noooo I don't want it to be Monday :( I'm not ready for the week to start toomuchtodo	I hope to have an early start to Monday so that I can complete my tasks for the week quickly.	1
The worst text ever is Verizon saying I used 75% of my data plan :| I have 14 days left of this bill	The fact that I get notifications about almost using all of my data already it means I have to spend less time on internet.	1
Why am I wideeee awake now and why do I have the sudden urge to go out for a run! strange	The sudden urge to go out for a run is awesome! I wish it wasn't rare.	1
Wishin i could get booked by or anyone and actually use my talent as a dj, goals are so hard wtf dj	Only a matter of time, I will soon get booked and actually be able to use my talent as a dj!	1
Lots of hospital and physio appointments this week. getting my hearing aids fitted too. Not a good week for me	Lots of hospital and physio appointments this week. Getting my hearing aids fitted too. I feel so thankful that I'm able to pay for my treatments!	1
this has been the busiest week of my life and I just need it to be monday	This week was very busy, but everything went well, next week will be satisfactory.	1
Just watched a lady come out of the liquor store with a mini bottle of vodka, chug it, throw it in the garbage, and keep walking like nothing happened. Just same.	I just saw a lady enjoying a bottle of vodka	1
Studying for a World Lit 2 test and going insane! How am I supposed to know this stuff when we didn't go over it?!	Studying for a World Lit 2 test hope I get good marks.	1
I've worked on my isu all weekend that I haven't done any other of my homework.	I've worked on my isu all weekend that I haven't done any other of my homework. On the bright side I made good progress and will be done with it sooner.	1
I'm missing a test and two quizzes today Why couldn't this happen last week when nothing was going on??	Time to learn how to organize, so that way I don't miss any more tests or quizzes.	1
i need some sleep!! mad relieved Tired i guess thats what i get for waiting..	I’ve had a long waiting and hope to get some sleep soon.	1
When people make you feel unwanted dont leave to make them feel sad or guilty. Leave them b/c you no longer have a reason to stay	Since I feel unwanted I'm going to go out and find some new friends who will appreciate me.	1
i feel like im not gonna get accepted into any college i want to go to..)':" :(	I will stay positive and keep hope for my college acceptance.	1
Holy crap going from straight up droid to an iPhone will give you a headache!!	This is a new opportunity to learn how to use android!	1
Haven't gone to sleep at my bedtime in DAYS. I'm turning into a normal college student and I hate it. sotired sleepdeprived	College is tough, but I won’t let you suck out my sleep!!	1
Not myself this last week everyone ignore anything I do or say because I'm being ridiculous at times SMH	Maybe it's time to grow up a bit and not be so ridiculous.  People will pay more attention to someone who is more grown up.	1
Nothing to talk about .. And will never know what I did wrong but I guess all guys are assholes !!	Some relationships are not meant to be, and it is best that I move on.	1
Crap, my optimism that I had yesterday for my final exam is gone, now I'm reeeeally nervous	I've been very optimist about my final exam even though I'm nervous	1
Thank goodness for Statistics for making me feel like less of an idiot while studying for Human Body.	Statistics made me feel like an idiot so if I keep at it, I will figure it out.	1
Why is it so hard to decide on a hair style for a night out ahhh hair up or down! hardchoice help	Time to learn to make a choice and stick to it!	1
Suicide is a possibility with all this stress. Fuck uni. Fuck my finger. Fuck you. Fuck me.	Right now, I feel very stressed, and wanted to give up on things. But I'm resilient, and I know I can get over it all.	1
3 parties and a parade to catch Saturday, Jonesboro Friday night, meeting tonight, and I've been gone every night this week.	I can't wait for Sunday so that I can enjoy a day of peace and quiet at home.	1
Bad news I have to finish all of my homework  this is stressing me out	I have to finish work as soon as possible so, I can be stressfree.	1
Wtf is going on here? Don't give up! Get your ass back up and keep trying or else everything is going to fall on you momma!	What is happening is amazing? They need to try harder and I know they will.	1
I am not ready for Mt first exam in less than 3 weeks at all!	I need to study more. I still don't feel ready for my exam in 3 weeks.	1
Drama stresses me out to the max. Even other people's drama that doesn't affect me at all.	Time to learn not to bother myself with any form of drama.	1
No sleep last night and now I have to go back to school today Tired	Going to have to get through school today without sleep. I'll be looking forward to a nap afterward.	1
why close down 6 prisons, ones that don't need to be shut down! Just cause stress and agro for the people having to visit!	6 prison's have been closed down but this difficult time for people visiting will be sorted out soon I'm sure.	1
Just looking at my class schedule next year is making me want to cry a little.	Looking at my class schedule, I have a very challenging year ahead of me. I'll get through it with discipline and self-care though, and be proud of what I have achieved.	1
These chilled and early days at uni are making me nervous cos I know suddenly all the work is going to come at once	I am getting prepared and ready to study when the assignments at my university come.	1
I am so close to crying right now Between the PIP and the Trials I just don't know what's worse killme	I don't know which is more important - the PIP or the Trials - and I'm stuck in between. But I know I've got to give it my best shot and get through!	1
What do u do when u dont wana see someone's face but still got to see their face everyday?? I so wana shout!!	I would love to get out of my current situation so that I don't have to meet some people every day.	1
I seriously just want to be done. I can never win or have anything go right in my life. hateit	I seriously just want to be done. Others things or not in my control.	1
I have about a 3 mile long list of things I have to do before I leave for Winona.	I have a lot of things to do before I leave for Winona but I can't wait.	1
What a long day today, felt like prison being in that room for 5 hours drag	I stayed in one place for five hours but now I am free so I can enjoy it.	1
Making checkin at the airport with 1 minute to gogot to be up there with my closest calls! tired	I'm so lucky that I made it t the airport in time, but I'll know to leave earlier next time as it was a close call.	1
I need to get away from her. She is stressing me out that I'm at the point of crying	Had she been nicer to me, I would have continued being great friends with her.	1
Even after a full day of english I still feel like I'm going to fail these exams:(	I hope the efforts I have put into studying English will allow me to pass the exams.	1
I just can't wait until morning so I can just go to the gym and melt into my head phones.	I am eagerly awaiting to visit the gym and hear songs to my heart’s content.	1
I Needa Get Started On That Extra Credit For Ms. Fandrey Or Imma Fail Her Class For 3rd Quarter	Im going to get stated on that extra credit so I can pass my class.	1
If I'm mean today I'm very sorry. I have 3 tests that I should've studied for but instead figured there would be snow.	If it's bad today, I need to learn it as a lesson. I have three tests today and have not studied anything. I need to be more responsible and keep my commitments or go bad in tests will become routine.	1
These kids in fifth block got me laughing so hard I'm crying! BlessedNotStressed Ok, just kidding. Always	After a long time I am in a good mood.	1
I think I'm going to go read until I fall asleep. Tonight was bad, tomorrow afternoon will make this all better.	I had a challenging night, but reading will help me relax. I know that this sad time will be short, and I will feel all better tomorrow afternoon.	1
So, Ive created colourful posters, written example questions, recorded myself reading said questions and answers so I can listen to my revision whilst driving, in the bath etc. The only way I wont pass this exam is if Ive revised the wrong bits!	I've created multiple tools like colorful posters, example questions, recorded myself reading questions and answers that I can review everywhere, I'm ready to pass this exam!	1
Hate that I have my work email on my phone. Hadn't even left the house yet and the emails come flooding in.	Having work email on my cell phone helps me to be more aware of my appointments, the only problem and the large amount of emails that arrive at any time of the day.	1
I cannot focus anymore. I think I may have just completed studying for the remainder of finals week.	I think I may have just completed studying for the remainder of finals week. I have to spend some time in entertainment things.	1
why does lasalle have school tomorrow like ugh can't talk to bae all day stressed	People being busy because of school might keep them far away but they will get educated so that's good.	1
While everyone enjoys there Saturdays ill be spending mine working both jobs for a total of 14 hours annoyed whyme moneytho :/	I would love to be done with the weekend so that I can get some peace of mind and rest during the weekday when I work one job a day.	1
This week is gonna be so hectic :/ UCR classes start, and still have to go to chaffey for soccer and class.	UCR classes start, and still have to go to chaffey for soccer and class. I'm glad to have much activities that will keep me active this week.	1
My math teacher is gonna blow up by the end of the class. She is annoyed , but then ends everything with a big,fake grin uhoh	My math teacher is upset. I should say something nice to her to make her feel better.	1
Wow I wish I knew what I'd done wrong to get so much bad karma! This week 1 or more things have gone wrong everyday	This week one or more things have gone wrong everyday, and I feel like it's a bad karma, but it's actually just life. These things happen to everyone.	1
From the looks of it, I need to go shake sumthin at Twerk It Tuesdays at Pure Passion and make a lil change. stressed	I will go dancing to shake the things off and that will be good for me.	1
If running didn't hurt so badly, I'd be going for a 10 miler right about now. Stupid back problems. angry	I hope I didn’t have a back problem, so that I can take a 10-miler without any pain.	1
The ONLY thing making me excited for today since my mornings been awful, is church and a new episode of tonight.	Today was a tough morning, no doubt. That's why I'm really looking forward to visiting the church, and watching a new episode of Tonight by the end of the day:)	1
U complain about me doing nothing but u stick me on the phones by myself all day! . pissed! U dnt even c what I do everyday!	I am not satisfied with my relationship with my manager. I value respect, and I know that I can work toward mutual respect.	1
Omg I've had it with all the stress I'm getting lately!!! Omg I'm gonna scream!!!!	Life has been so challenging lately! But the chaos can't last forever.	1
I dont know where my license is, and Im so pissed at myself for being so stupid and misplacing it.	I am a bit irritated about searching for my misplaced license, but I am praying to find it soon.	1
T minus 6 days until Bears vs Cowboys at soldierfield can't wait for a break and some quality time with my man	Spending time with our beloved one brings peace.	1
Forever cutting down words from essays because I ramble like a dick all the time	I have a lot to say and sometimes need to shorten my essays because I am so full of ideas!	1
I'm gonna listen to sad country music, eat copious amounts of carbs and browse Pinterest all night coping	I am going to enjoy hearing songs and eating my foods.	1
I hate it when people breathe heavily in their sleep because I can't tell them to shut the fuck up.	I am fortunate that I don't breathe too loudly in my sleep beause I know this is an issue for others.	1
Gotta go by the hospital and check on my sis last night was a tough one and still no news	Haven't had any news about my sister in hospital but I know she will be okay.	1
I just want to be home with my friends and family. It's so hard being so far from home.	Despite the distance, I know I will be with my friends and family soon.	1
Why am I in this mood today? I am never ill. Don't know what's wrong with me. toomuchgoingon	Being sometimes moody helps drain all the stuck feelings until I let myself breathe in peace.	1
I should probably just go to sleep because I'm not gonna get a text back.	They must not be ready to text me, yet. I'm going to get some needed sleep.	1
After 2 tests and a quiz I am running out of steam. Still have an organismal lab test tomorrow help stressed	I already had 2 tests and a quiz while also having a lab test tomorrow but I will be able to go through it since I am a strong person.	1
Defo booking a spa day for when all of this horrible Uni work is completed	Looking forward to a relaxing spa day to reward myself for finishing my university coursework.	1
I actually think i want a night to myself where I can just eat and watch Netflix and rest. exhausted	I'm glad I have the chance to have a night to myself to just relax.	1
I just want to burry myself in a box underground for a few days. annoyed irritated frustrated	I have had a difficult few days but I know that I will feel better after a few days rest.	1
sometimes I feel like my life is running me, instead of the other way around	I think I need to work hard to gain back control of my life, I can do.	1
When your tired and you just want to give up PUSH THROUGH. motivation FridayFeeIing tired college amwriting	When you're tired don't let it get you down try to push through it.	1
I'm trying very hard to refrain from complaining about all the things I have to complain about.	Recognizing that stopping complaining is a good thing is rewarding	1
Seriously hoping mark goes to London tomorrow, one less person for me to run around and look after	I hope Mark has a great time in London, I only wish him well!	1
Leave for five days and I come back to the hugest mess of crap to do	Even though I have a lot of work today, I am thankful I was able to get away for a while.	1
hate masters assignments. on the verge of a mental breakdown in the middle of the library :(	The masters assignments are really hard, but at least I'm getting progressively closer to my masters while studying in the library.	1
I really don't like being forced to make decisions. Especially when I have to worry about pleasing others with my choices	I am going to try to make choices that make me happy.	1
Can't sleep because the Hayward decision is looming and will make or break the Jazz - going to be a long day tomo stayward	I can't sleep because the Hayward decision is looming, and will make or break the Jazz. But I'll just take a sleeping pill, and stop worrying about what's to come.	1
I want to start greys anatomy after I finish watching desperate housewives but I still need to finish watching Greek ugh	I hope I get to start watching Grey's Anatomy soon.	1
This is going to be the worst week ever. What a great way to end my senior year.	This week will not be the best, but I hope that next year will bring better weeks.	1
Seriously beginning to regret all the times I've decided to lie in instead of going to college	From now on, I've decided to focus on my studies and make it through college.	1
Seriously medical terminology sucks!! How in the world am I to remember all of this.	Medical terminology is challenging, but this is an opportunity to learn new words.	1
Waiting for my son to get home from Dubai hope its not that long a wait	Waiting for my son to get home from Dubai! Hope he's doing alright!	1
America, U do know that we need a 9th Supreme Court Justice to help w/ checks and balances, right? Guess who nominates that person?	We need a SCJ to help with checks and balances. Who nominates them? Guess	1
Feeling sick but still trying to finish all of my homework assignments before the SuperBowlXLIX game tomorrow	Trying to finish all of my homework assignments, though am feeling sick. Then will be ready for the SuperBowlXLIX game tomorrow.	1
confused disappointed as a matter of fact l don't know where to start from nor a person to talk to coz l just cnt trust any1	I learned not to trust anyone and it's amazing how liberating it was for me!	1
18 hours flight And yet so close to your destination Only to be delayed at customs and miss local flights of 2 hours	I cannot wait to reach my destination with all these frustrating delays getting on my nerves.	1
The fact that my face never breaks out, but it decided to this week is annoying. wtf	This week is not so much good for me.	1
So glad activation system is down while I'm trying to have my service installed and activated. justmyluck fml annoyed	So glad activation system is down while I'm trying to have my service installed and activated. Should be fixed soon hopefully.	1
I feel like I'm cramming for a final. This interview is going to drive me insane. Biggest of my life	This is one of the big interviews where I feel like going for the final, but I am sure I can face victory.	1
Can't believe I'm gonna have to go through all this ucas stress again to do my masters :'(	I have to go through all this ucas stress again to do my masters but I am happy that it will fetch me a good job.	1
I'm sick to death of my teachers and parents making me rush a decision on what I want to do next year	I work best when I can plan out and think over what I need to do instead of being rushed along by everyone.	1
When it comes to packing for trips I get the worst anxiety and I have to check and recheck all my stuff about 10 times	When it comes to packing for trips I get anxious and I have to check and recheck all my stuff about 10 times. On the bright side i never forget anything.	1
I have lower grades this year then I have had any past year. There's just so much going on	I'm going to focus to bring my grades up to where they used to be.	1
Freakin annoying! Answer the question fast and move on!!! Welllll.its the saaame shape as my hooouseitsss an octoganANSWER AND MOVE ON!!! Noone wants to hear your crap!!	I wish people would just move on after they answer questions.	1
Ughh sometimes i wish i was small enuff to crawl into a little hole were no one could find me	I will take some time for myself and find the good things of my personality.	1
I'm all over the place right now like a mad womans lipstick! I don't know whether I am coming or going!	I need a holiday or just a break for a bit to chill out and regroup.	1
I just want to stay in bed all day with my sick puppy and sleep lazyday poorbaby	I just want to spend quality time taking care of my unwell puppy and sleep the whole day.	1
Sociology of Law combines two subjects I find to be extremely confusing.  and put together they're even worse.	I cannot wait to be done with Sociology of Law in school as it combines two of the subjects that I do not like.	1
Ok. Someone entertain me please. And if I don't respond it basically means I find you boring.	I feel as that I am not supposed to be entertained from anyone or that I should find them interesting because I can go on without these things.	1
I had so many camera photos of me and Ed when we were 14 - 16, but because we've moved house so much I can't find them :(	I would love to get my hands on the camera photos of me and Ed when we were 14-16.	1
giving a hopeless romantic the assignment to write a persuasive essay on relationships is not a good idea	Giving a hopeless romantic the assignment to write a persuasive essay on relationships is not a good idea, but I will try my best.	1
Can't wait for the weekend to relax, fuck valentines, me and boyfriend are just gunna sleep through it all	I am going to relax all weekend and spend it with my boyfriend.	1
Annoyed because the USPS lost 1 of the 8 flat rate boxes of books I shipped from California to Kentucky. Hope it shows up :-/	Annoyed because the USPS lost 1 of the 8 flat rate boxes of books I shipped from California to Kentucky. Hope it shows up. Thank God for refunds!	1
I feel like I have so much stuff to do but no time to do it all. :(	I feel there is a lot to do but very little time to do it all, well at least I have got something to occupy me.	1
My bad! I made a mistake. No reason to be like that. Especially this week	Everyone makes mistakes and I am grateful that I can learn from mine!	1
I recently cancelled our holiday however the remaining balance has come out of our account. Which during these unprecedented times we really cannot afford. We really need this money back in our account immediately. Many Thanks	We really need this money back in our account immediately. Many Thanks	1
really hope people aren't talking about me when they say that someone is singing bad nervous	They say someone is singing bad. I'm going to assume they mean someone else.	1
This time last year I said I was never moving again.this time this year I actually mean it!! This is the last time I will move.	I'm going to make it a goal that I put down roots here, so I don't have to move again.	1
There's only one other person I trust in this world besides my parents! Trust is hard to find! truth trust noone	My parents are so important to me! They are the best parents ever!	1
I'm like not even tryna work today cause I'm just not having it tired ijustcant	I'm not able to work, I need to find out why I'm not tired.	1
Lmaooo my mom is telling me about how boring it is in Guinea-Bissau and how she doesn't know how she will last 2 months	I will be a good support for my mom during her time in Guinea-Bissau	1
I wish I knew what my brother wants for his b-day, why is this so complicated!	I want to make my brother's b-day really special, so I can't miss out on what he wants!	1
What's happening in the world at this unearthly hour Twitter? Gonna need matchsticks tomorra! tired	Twitter is always so crazy but at least it's entertaining.	1
Are you serious?! The army just moved Phil's 2 week training to June 13, 2015! That's the day of our wedding	Though Phil's training goes to the day of our wedding we'll be able to celebrate both events!	1
corrie paul is annoying me, karl is scaring me, dev is irritating and kirsty is creeping me out	Everyone is getting on my nerves, but they are individuals and need to be themselves.	1
I hate Working from Home , I hate Windows 8 , I hate Blue Screens !!!!	I don’t like windows and blue screens and also working from home.	1
Drogheda to Dundalk an vice versa running 30 mins late all day, Stood on small path outside hospital with a hyperactive bored 4 year old an a pregnant wife who's due into work at 3pm, the 1pm bus jus leaving Drogheda now	I'm pretty sure I will get to take the bus to Dundalk soon enough, I just need to be patient.	1
I stress so bad I'm going to feel like 50 years ago when I'm only 25	I stress too much, but everyone at my age tends to get overly stressed it probably wont matter when I'm 50.	1
Not knowing and not being able to do anything about something have to be two of the worst feelings ever	Since I can't do anything about something... I make up my mind to learn to deal with the feelings it brings me!	1
Can't wait for 2 weeks away. These last 2 weeks have been indescribably hard. getmeaway	I hope these two weeks pass away soon. I have been having a tough time, but I am sure this too will pass.	1
Today was just ugh. I don't know why you two had to fight. Such stupid reasons. .	I guess people fight and that part of life I just need to learn better skills to manage it.	1
Giving my two weeks leave at work tomorrow tired anxious Need a job I enjoy that doesnt work me to death	Going on two-week break from work tomorrow. It's time to seriously look out for a new job which has a good work-life balance.	1
Insomnia has gotten the best of me. I hope tonight is the night I sleep through the night. probablynot stressed :/	Insomnia gets at some point to everyone so I will be able to go through with it.	1
Searching for a house in LA, from Boise. I guess there could be worse problems.	I wish searching for a house in LA from Boise wouldn’t cause any problems.	1
Too much on my mind stressing out . What if I make the wrong decision whattodo	Some things are stressing me out, but I hope to make the right decision.	1
All my classes got canceled today to bad I have to spend the entire day in the library revising this stupid paper.	So lucky that classes have been cancelled now I can focus more of my time revising the paper.	1
I'm going to fail all of my classes  screwed stressed it's official I'm giving up	I am very smart so I will just go through with a classes and will be able to feel better afterwards.	1
People, don't feel bad for self-medicating during finals week. Pick your drug- coffee, fast food, NyQuil. Power to ya.	Self- medication is not a big offense in the finals’ week! You can pick your drug, coffee, Nyquil or fast food	1
I have interviews Monday and Thursday. I have a 5-7 page paper due Wednesday. And I have a journal and presentation due Wednesday.	I know that I'm capable and will take the challenges this week has prepared for me head on!	1
How am I suppose to do two months of work in three weeks? having surgery so close to qualifying is so not ideal	After I finish my surgery, I can have the freedom to do all my homework calmly.	1
Wish I can do more and help out but, I ain't got no money and bills steady keep pileling up smh.	I'm glad I still want to help even though I don't have any money and my bills keep increasing.	1
I have such a negative attitude about college. Idk wtf I even want to do with my life	I'm sure I'll find my direction in life soon.	1
would rather be dead than sat here doing assignments. eugh fedup annoyed college workingdogs bored	Even though I have so many college work assignments to do, it's still a great day to be alive.	1
What. im not crying sick . Its getting harder to stay strong :,( :( :(. want to disapear :(	I've been feeling really down lately, I'm going to get help to get over this sickness.	1
Break time! studying I need a vacation after may because fuck I am so stressed and I'm starting to lose sleep	I can't wait May to pass, so I can take a vacation and rest	1
when you deside not to give a fuck but the fuck knocks even harder on your door -.-	I have to be calm while doing my work.	1
Last work day of the year and tons of stuff to get done today! stressed overload (@ Smart Business)	Even though I'm stressed and overwhelmed, I'm happy that at least today is the last day of the year. :)	1
Time to stay up into see hours of the night studying for my stats midterm tomorrow at 8 in the morning. Meh..	I have no doubt that staying awake at night studying statistics will make me go better tomorrow at 8 in the morning.	1
i don't even know how i got through the day. I feel like crap. dying	This day is going to be challenging, but I know that I will get through it, and later I will be able to relax	1
seriously working on my 2nd cup of tea, out of the five or six i'm gonna have tonight.	Preparing my cups of tea for my long night!	1
This whole situation is really starting to stress me out!  why wont the insurance company just send my nan home!!	I hope my Nan gets to home quickly and the insurance mess is quickly resolved.	1
If someone wanted to bring me some cherry and chocolate ice cream, I wouldn't be mad about it	I would love to dig in to some cherry and chocolate ice cream tonight!	1
If I buy a new laptop I expect it to work not everything go wrong with it in the first 7-8weeks! Toshiba Laptops what a let down!!	I buy a new laptop. Good condition	1
Being told that university is good by some people and a bad idea by othershow am i meant to make a decision?! So confused!	We should not accept others opinion.	1
uniqlo_se as if the pandemic isnt causing enough stress. Uniqlo are making it worse by not giving me a refund or replying to my emails. Sadly, naming and shaming on social media is how we communicate nowadays! poorcustomerservice	Even though the company has stiffed me, I'm glad I'm able to reach out on social media to get ahold of them.	1
I can't handle another sleepless night and right about now that's what I'm going to get	I might get another sleepless night, but it can't be helped I'll know to try and prevent it in the future.	1
Calc midterm coming.. woke up late and miss my review class :( this is not looking to good fail	I woke up late and missed my midterm review class, which means I'll have to just study on my own. The extra sleep was good for me though.	1
Tempted to write my anat&phys teacher a nasty letter about how she is not an efficient teacher angry tired	I want to write to my anat phys teacher come comcerns about her teaching style and room for improvement.	1
Feeling ? Drink Green tea - Green tea is a source of L-Theanine, a chemical that helps relieve anger	Green tea has L-Theanine, which helps you feel more relaxed.	1
Oh wow. If it can go wrong it's going to go wrong today. Car sales is fun.	I'm having a rough day in car sales today, but I bet tomorrow will be better.	1
Tell you what considering your worth 1Tril+ iTunes is one of the worst peices of software Ive used, wasted my whole morning cantburnmusiciveboughtformyweddingplaylist	iTunes is difficult to use. At least there are other options.	1
I had the weirdest dream and there was someone in my dream and I have wanted to tell this person and I just cant do it	There's nothing as normal as weirdest dreams.	1
Why are people shopping in supermarkets like the worlds gonna end :/ should make shopping at xmas with a trolley a sport!	Everyone is shopping like crazy but it's so nice to see everyone enjoying Christmas and buying gifts.	1
Game of thrones was so good last night. To the point where I forgot to breath, I was so stressed out I started to cry and took me awhile to calm down. Cant wait for next episode!	Game of thrones was so good last night. Really pulling at the heart strings and providing a full on emotional reaction, enjoyed it so much. Cant wait for next episode!	1
Seriously can't beat this candy crush level and have come to the conclusion I need to save me	I know I can beat this Candy Crush level I will eventually.	1
The joys of banking in London, The self service machine is broken and here I am standing in the loooooong queue at the bank with just one cashierrunning the whole counter , On the other hand my car parking ticket  is running out. One of those	Banking in London can be a nightmare, but it’s not that big a deal everyone has these struggles.	1
Trying to plan christening party decorations someone remind me why did i volunteer to do this?!!	Volunteered for a christening party. Planning decorations!	1
I now know why I've never waited until the day a paper was due to fully finish it	Waiting till the day before papers due to finish it is bad, so next time I will start earlier like I used to.	1
It's 3rd period and I'm already weighed down with homework due tomorrow, not to mention the loads of make up work I h	There is a lot of homework. Let's do it!	1
3 papers, power point, final project, 2 quizzes, and extra credit paper, all due by Friday! collegesucks readyforbreak	I sure have a lot of work to do but college will be worth it in the end.	1
been stood at the aire street stop for an hour now, 3x229 buses haven't shown up	I was able to meet a couple of fascinating people today when a few #229 busses didn't show up (in a row!). Thanks to some slow service, I might have made a new friend.	1
I literally get sick to my stomach thinking about everything I have to do over the next 2 weeks	I wish I was done with the next couple of weeks so that I can have more peace of mind.	1
This learning lark is well slowly driving one crazy hope only 10 weeks left help me haaaaa	Even though learning is a challenge, it's been a real character builder for me. And only 10 weeks left!	1
It's sad how money dictates everyday of my life. i doubt we will have enough for Christmas. We can barely pay rent. :'(	Going to have to earn some more money, so I can have a good Christmas.	1
Proper struggled trying to learn this presentation, literally been at it all day and still go some left to learn :/	I wish to learn this presentation that I have been trying to learn all day somehow or the other.	1
Pairs of Old Beliefs which caused stress and their corresponding New Beliefs to experiment :  People and situations make me / happy / sad  My emotions are my creation, my choice.  Anger is necessary  Compassion is necessary. 1/2	I love being compassionate and full of empathy! This helps me understand other people's emotion!	1
This morning has been so bad with all these doctors appointments and my phone not working tiered	I think I have to pause and think.	1
all these test in the same week. i cannot put all this information in my mind at once dude.	I have many tests this week but I will be over with those soon so it's going to be good.	1
pretty annoyed right now, I miss my BOYFRIEND .. but soo tired to move out of bed lazy mustmove	Although I miss my boyfriend today, I am sure that I will have a great time when he is back tomorrow.	1
Grandaddys in the hospital, I've got a ton of work to do. This weekend is not going how I planned. ):	I have a lot of work to do as my grandad is in hospital. Though the weekend is not going as planned I am thankful that he is alive.	1
You know it's about to be a long night when you drink a red bull at 10:30pm collegeprobs	I hope I am able to complete my work early so that I can have a good night's sleep tonight.	1
I swear if my profile doesnt update soon, i will chuck something at a wall	The lack of updating and constant waiting shows me that patience is a virtue I can reap.	1
I just ate the worst carrot cake of my entire life but I forced myself to eat some of it because I was having a low blood sugar	While I just ate the worst carrot cake of my life, I am really glad I was able to raise my low blood sugar with it.	1
Spilled a bag of cheese, broke a bottle of triple sec, and exploded the frozen coke. So that's my morning. tired	I spilled a bag of cheese, broke a bottle of triple sec, and exploded the frozen coke. But it's okay, we all have bad mornings.	1
In mock trial we dress out best but ending up looking our worst. Nervous	I usually dress very well for the mock trial and I hope to look very good this time unlike other times.	1
Well apparently I'm roommateless again, and my poor parents must buy everything for the dorm..	I don't have a roommate anymore, fortunatly my parents are capable to buy everything for the dorm	1
Man I'm a serious tweeter tonight. Just kinda in one of those rather not be messed with/talked to/ looked at kinda moods	I'm not in a good mood today but tomorrow will be a new day	1
close enough, im laid on living room floor with my feet stretch out half way through my 1st essay	I am so glad I am almost done!	1
the person that would always help me calm down isn't around anymore  it's a mad world! Waaaahhhhh superupset	I am a bit upset that the person who calms me down isn’t around anymore, but God will help me pull through it.	1
Over working myself , too much stuff going on :( and on top of that .. Finals :( I just feel like giving up	Too many things are going on with the finals following behind. I ‘ve put in hard work and hope to reap the benefits.	1
Have two essays, a bunch of tests and I'm to lazy to do it exhausted	Have two essays, a bunch of tests, but I hope I could get over my laziness and tiredness to do it.	1
The mixed emotions about my wedding being in 92 days is unreal. happy sad confused	I can’t believe I am getting married soon, this is an exciting change in my life and I have so many mixed feelings.	1
So frustrated I want to cry! I need a stress reliever that's not eating my feelings.	I need a stress reliever that's not eating my feelings hope I get some help	1
Studying for test is by far the worst part of college! I mean come on teachers are you trying to kill me?	Studying is tough, but it'll give me a chance to get better and graduate.	1
Spent 5 min the kitchen cleaning..ur not forreal r u? Uk who cleaned it b4 u went in there	How long did you soend cleaning the kitchen? We need a good cleaning system	1
Omg stressed out, at work but need to be at home packing and getting ready! Arghhhhhh! Singapore.	Omg stressed out, at work but need to be at home packing and getting ready to my travel to Singapore.	1
the fact that I studied for nearly half of my day but it probably won't even make a difference<;<;<; lost	I have studied for nearly half a day and though it may not make a big difference, I have gained a good deal of knowledge.	1
How long until I receive my bourse payment running so low on money now :'(	I receive my bourse payment which is cool	1
I'm in that awkward stage of my life where I have no clue wtf is going on. nojoke	I'm at a stage of my life where I don't really know what's going on, but I'm confident that I'm going to get over it	1
My diet this week will consist of alcohol day and night all day every day	Getting ready to drink this week!	1
Can't wait till Saturday! I need some relaxing time and much needed time with my boyfriend.	Saturday is almost here! But for now I'm going to relax and hang out with my boyfriend.	1
Sometimes I wish I meant half as much to you as you mean to me.	You mean a lot to me.	1
I hate having to choose between something that I really need and something that means more to me than anything	Even though I'm torn between these two choices, I'm just glad I have the freedom to choose.	1
Dude I have so much stuff to I don't have time to go to stupid fundraisers!	I am too busy to go to fundraisers.	1
Need to have somewhere that's just mine and no one else goes there. I get way to much grief in this house.	I think I need a secluded place to feel better, and thus improve this pain.	1
God has gotten me through so many hard times I know he's got my back getting me through this dreadful week before break	God has gotten me through so many hard times, and I am really thankful for all the hard times I was able to overcome	1
Someone send coffee, chocolate and motivation to this library please Feel like my head is about to explode trying to do this essay!	I know that with little things like coffee, chocolate and motivation they will do me better and help me finish half a rehearsal.	1
I'm literally like two seconds away from having a mental breakdown at any and every point in my day lately.	Although I am having a tough day today, I am confident that the coming days are going to be better.	1
where and when did you look for me? I had a LONG test just now And I just got back	I had a really long test, but I have done it now so I can chill out.	1
The gym would be perfffffffff for the way I'm feeling right now annoyed irritated negative tiredofit	Time to get to the gym and sweat out some stress!	1
So many things have changed or are changing this semester and it's making me crazy. idonthandlechangewell	I hope I evolve with the changing situation and get into a better frame of mind.	1
It's only May and I already feel behind when it comes to getting things ready for my girls this season	This month, I'm going to learn how to organize my time and make the most of it.	1
Can't believe my car has decided to breakdown half an hour before ihave to be at my exam!	I am glad I found out that my car has broken down with ample time before the exam so that I can arrange an alternate way to reach school.	1
This staying up late studying thing is getting old and it's only the 3rd weekptaprogram	I have been doing a lot of late night studying but this class won't last forever.	1
Why is ebay so complicated to sell stuff! Rather flog my stuff out the boot of my car	Selling stuff on eBay is not so easy. However, there isn't an alternative.	1
guys help im taking my permit test tomorrow (I know im late) but like i feel so unprepared	I'm taking my permit test tomorrow. Now, I'm feeling unprepared, but I know it's just my anxiety talking, and I'll do great tomorrow!	1
Blah to you twitter !!! 25 days till the move can't wait hope it's the last for a long time exhausted	Only 25 more days until the move. I'm tired, but looking forward to it.	1
I told my self I wouldn't worry about this, how can I not when I might never get the chance to have a kid :(	I'm not going to worry about having a kid for now. I'm just going to learn to love myself and be grateful for what I already have.	1
Finding it very hard to be around some people right now. :-( out of my mind night out soon needed walk by the river later maybe	There qre ao many good people in my life and trying to spend some time on walk with them	1
I've been suprisingly calm the past few months and then BOOM all my stress hits me	Stress is just to wake up my mind, so I can get back to my focus	1
I HATE getting a new phone I can't find anything and AND I've lost my Kate Bush ringtone!	Getting a new phone I can't find anything I think I have to wait.	1
Wish I had a cohort in this work game who understood Because I need an ear and a shoulder. It ain't all about poppin' bottles.	I think I need to make more effort into making friends at the office and getting closer to people then I will have someone to listen.	1
I am so stressed. Can I just sleep for like 2 weeks? That would be nice.	Feeling stressed is part of human nature and I feel that I am strong to overcome it.	1
Wow the National Debate Tournament starts in about 11 hours. Please let nothing ridiculous happen. nervous	I think the National Debate Tournament will go smoothly for me.	1
The ONLY thing I'm looking forward to about going back to work is making money again. I've been having to use my credit card to pay my bills, and that sucks. I'll be in debt forever thanks to COVID_19.	I very much hope that I will go back to work and make money to pay my bills.	1
Have had the worst day ever. . need a back Rub. And some warm tea annoyed	Had a bad day today. All I need is a back rub, and some tea, and I'll be fine.	1
The amount of stuff I have to do in the next few days is ridiculous	I'm going to be totally busy for the next few days of the week.	1
We gained an extra hour but I seriously haven't even had enough time to think.	It’s good that we got an hour because now I have more time to think.	1
I know I can cast my anxiety, but wish I could cast my research paper on Christ	Although I am very anxious, I cannot help launching my research work on Christ.	1
The day I wanted to do h.w and turn all my work in on time failed cuz both fscj and library are closed!! fml smh finalsweek	Next time I'll be getting my work turned in on time and avoid having both the fscj and library closing on me.	1
I become stressed in the best of situations. You put me in on a Saturday and I will become physically ill with anxiety.	Having stress sometimes help to function better in the situations I will face.	1
One of those days that just need to be over with to move on to tomarrow tired irritated	Today has been a challenge, but it will be over with soon.	1
You know your heads fucked when you get woken up by the same dream for 2 hours	You know your heads troubled when you get woken up by the same dream for 2 hours, but at least I don't need to worry about the alarm.	1
so tired today , just cant find the motivation to do anything ! need to go to the library and carry on with all 5 essays yuk!	Just can't find the motivation to do anything. I have to plan my day productive to done my 5 essays.	1
International moves are stressful. I need some good home workouts to help de-stress. I'm getting fat. Between reading and researching for my new job, apartment hunting, packing, haven't been cooking for myself. Ooof I still need dinner.	I've had to read and research for my new job, hunt for apartments, and pack for this international move. But I'm looking forward to my home workouts. I know I can stop this weight gain and cook for myself and this stress is not permanent.	1
Heading to bed goodnight everyone. got my math exam at 10 am wish me luck!!!	I'll rest so that tomorrow I can do a good math exam	1
If you really like me, then text me back if not then ill understand and leave you alone forever. RealTalk	Im going to ask if they like me and if they do that would be great.	1
Its crazy how people spend thousands on a watch when you'll use your phone to check the time anyway	I prefer to spend money on a cellphone than a watch.	1
usher messed up so bad he had to make a part 2 to confessions and then throw a remix on part 2 with like 15 features. my man was	I’m very grateful that Usher has released more songs that I can enjoy all the time.	1
Well all my sisters mates have vanished from the house, we've tidied up, opened the windows and now I'm going to destress	Being alone sometimes mean quiet and peace of mind so that's good.	1
As if this day couldn't get any worse, I just shattered my entire phone screen murph	I feel bad about shattering my phone screen, but that’s an opportunity to get a new one.	1
Can someone please explain to me why I decided to take this ridiculous class? sofrustrated	I just have to keep telling myself that this class will only last a semester!	1
I'm prayin hard tonight. Got so much stuff to do throughout tomoro and nxt week.	I have a lot to do but soon it will all be over, and I'll be able to take it easy for a while.	1
So sick of being sick and run down, no time for it like leaving cert is in 3 weeks	Even tired, I will find time to get it right in 3 weeks ...	1
There's nothing worse than feeling like you upset/annoyed a friend. Ever. (other than feeling fat, but I'm used to that)	The feeling of upseting/annoying a friend is bad, but I'm sure everything will work out in the end.	1
The closer it gets to having to take this chem final, the more sick I feel. NotReady	I have a chemisty final coming up so I am going to study and prepare really hard so I pass.	1
Feeling ? Stop what you're doing, splash water on your face, sit down, focus on one thing at a time. Repeat as needed.	I know that I will get past these feelings by relaxing and focusing on one thing at a time. If that isn't successful, I'll try it again.	1
What do you do when you are sick and super stressed out but all your previous methods of destressing don't work anymore and nothing new you're doing or trying is helping you unwind at all? amwriting writerslife anxiety stress	My former ways of coping with anxiety are not working, I know I'll find something new	1
at least you didn't think we had biology tomorrow and only found out an hour ago it was on Tuesday imatwat	I've got to talk to my biology professor to see what I missed on Tuesday.	1
Either I'm doing something wrong or someone completely forgot to mention college work would be this hard	I think this college job shouldn't be as difficult as it is, I need to take a closer look at what I'm doing wrong.	1
Exhausted and tired of studying. Up early to finish tomorrow before my exams. God please help me do well	Just need to finish studying and taking my exams, then I can finally rest!	1
Transferring to two schools at once was a really poorly planned decision. Should've thought this through.	I have good opportunities but two schools at once will be a challenge.	1
Work actually makes me an alcoholic drinking tonight for the 6th day in a row	Work make me drink so bad but at least my paycheck is big!	1
Having a splitting headache and being in this mood is really not the business Killin'MyVibe	I hope to get over this headache soon and have fun with my friends.	1
I HATE HAVING DINNER WITH ALL THE LITTLE KIDS IN MY GIANT ASS FAMILY .	I prefert to have dinner alone!	1
So much work to do, so little time. Tomorrow is going to be a long day.	So much work to do! Tomorrow I'll need to be as productive as I can.	1
All I want to do is take a bath to relax after this long week, but there's no hot water in my building	That first bath will be SO amazing!	1
When you get accused of smokin weed at work but it was only a cigarette. Like damn chill out.	I need to be more careful when I smoke at work, some people may think I'm using something else, like marijuana. It's weird but it happens.	1
Got all this coloring due tomorrow " this is our daycare! Lmbo	I have colouring due tomorrow, that's really not the worst thing in the world.	1
I don't know what I want I think that I'm goin through a phase confused depressed	I think I'm going through a depressed phase, but it's okay I'll come out the other side	1
I cant believe that im already stressing over a class i havent even had yet :( dynamics	I'm pretty sure my class is going to be easy to understand and time will fly by!	1
I hate when Im working on a project and I run out of supplies! RunningOutOfTime	When I run out of supplies is when I start using my creativity to finish my job with what I have	1
Torn between "work is worship" and "God still loves me if I get bad grades".	Even though I can get bad grades, I know God will never abandon me.	1
At my all time breaking point right now! Its been a horrible 2 days and its only Monday!	Even though I have bad days, tomorrow is a new day and I can improve myself	1
i only have enough room for twenty four kids so only God knows where the other four will sit	I'm glad there's space for all the children to sit here.	1
Does any other parent out there feel the need to go to the bar immediately after dropping the kids off at school! OYE	Doing my father’s duty gives me time to go clean up at the bar.	1
I just had to spend my last just so a mechanic could tell me, not fix, what's wrong with my car. SMMFH. &prayingforbetterdays	I understand the value of other's people work and I'm grateful that I'm able to spend money just so I can have my car fixed.	1
I don't have enough wardrobe room!! It's stressing me out beyond belief! I can't even begin to tidy my room!	I love all the choices I have for my wardrobe! Once I have it all organized, it will be easier to make choices!	1
I have a strong urge to go to the kitchen, grab my chef's knife, and chop things. Unfortunately I'm out of chop-able ingredients.	I feel industrious, like going into the kitchen and cooking and chopping, I hope to get more things I can chop soon.	1
Getting a random bloody nose when I haven't had a bloody nose in years? Yeah I'm	I am lucky to have gone years without a bloody nose.	1
Everybody must be happy when they finish exams but the fear of failing is horrible	The fear of failing an exam isn't good. But I finished it, so I'll just be happy, and think positive.	1
Today has been such a difficult day to get throughthank God someone invented a nail salon	A visit to the nail salon post a packed day is surely a great way to rejuvenate oneself:)	1
your browser just died on me seriously just black screened and wont do anything anyone else having this issue?? lovensebrowser lovense	Another unexpected browser issue. I hope to see it fixed soon.	1
Usually if I have a bad morning, my day turns around but no, not today. shittyday	I hope the rest of my day gets better than the first half.	1
Can tell I'm stressed by fact that 2 days in a row I've had a headache and barely eaten anything this half term butilovefood	I've had a headache for 2 days, and barely eaten anything this afternoon, can't wait to feel better and eat again! I love food!	1
Why do people insist on making life harder with stupid drama? If it doesn't involve me, keep me out of it.	I am very happy to have an uneventful life.	1
Taken a few seconds to do that "labour/contractions-are-coming" breathe that midwives/dhoulas recommend. Hee-hee-woo. No joke.	Remembering to breathe deep breaths is helping me get through this.	1
I haven't even started the nursing program and I already feel like I'm in over my head :( schooliscool exceptwhenitsnot	The nursing program is really hard but the result when I have finished will be worth it.	1
just when you're in the worst moods D= and then a sweet person just comes along omg happytears	When you're in the worst mood sweet person just comes along happy tears	1
You know the exams going to be bad when even a sainsbury's triple choc cookie fails to calm you down	Exams mount up tension when even a cookie cannot calm you down, but you can be happy and relaxed when it is over.	1
When a big ass bug flys into your car and u try to keep your cool and drive at the same time	It is funny when a afly get in your car and you try to stay cool.	1
The kids were terrible today I'm tired and want it to be this time tomorrow SO bad  teacherproblems	Kids demand a lot of energy, but this is good for their development.	1
Well it was easier for me to focus on fitness when I wasn't in school stressed already	It is normal to have it easier to focus on fitness when there is no school, because everything has it's own time.	1
This is why no one chose to do helmholtz because it's too hard but it's too late to change it now imgonnafail	For the next occasion perhaps we could choose something easier than helmholtz	1
My brother is having a destination wedding next week and I'm so excitedand exhausted!! When you are so exhausted and stressed and broke from the planning and prep that you have to remind yourself to enjoy the vacation  DestinationWedding	My brother is having a destination wedding next week I am happy for him.	1
Everyone's complaining about studying and finals but i'd much rather be doing that than be sick right now	I'm sick but I know I'll be better soon and can start my studies then!	1
Me: *already stressed about thesis* Also me: *changes approach on subject completely at the last possible minute* Why am I like this  thesis scriptiestress	I'm stresed about thesis but I'm brave enough to change approach on subject at last minute	1
somebody please remind me to never wait again to do my final a day before its due FML	I'm going to stop procrastinating and stop doing things at the last minute.	1
Decided to give myself a guitar lesson at this time ! Should be learning lines but fuck it	I am so excited for my guitar lessons. It's hard doing it by myself but I think it'll be worth it.	1
If anyone talks to me I'll either burst into tears or rip off their heads	If someone talks to me, I'll count to 10 and stay calm	1
I only have half y altered text book done and 1 review for pre ap	I need to focus and finish changing the text book so that tomorrow everything is going to be ok	1
Day 9 I quitsmoking 1 shot a day to cleanse with Very stressed day lots of errands, very few	I quit smoking so my help can get a lot better!	1
Prime example today of how staffing levels can have such an impact on your work load and ability to care	It is necessary to take care of health while working, without having to have an example that says so.	1
When I was little I couldn't wait to grow up and go to high school but now I wish I was in kindergarden again	I wanted to grow up and go to high school when I was little but now I treasure a lot those kidergarden times!	1
Tired of hearing the same bitching every day! Why only say it to me? Enough is enough. tiredofitall life headache annoyed	Hearing the same bitching every day that's said only to me - makes me feel I've had enough, and look for better and constructive discussions!	1
Hate been grown up and having to worry about clothes, money, petrol and BILLS! I want be a kid again!!!	On the bright side, growing has its advantages. Things I couldn't enjoy before, now I can enjoy.	1
TMW your friend gifts you a Chromebook to use for conventions since your old laptop died, and you can't figure out how to get your panels to work on it.	My friend gifted me a Chromebook to use for conventions since my old laptop died. Now I'm working on how to get my panels to work on it.	1
It's just one of those days where I just want to throw myself down the stairs and punch myself in the face	There are some days when I am depresssed, but God can help me overcome it.	1
Sometimes I feel so alone..no one understands what I'm going through or what's on my mind :( feelinsad	This loneliness that I'm feeling is just temporary. I will make more friends and go out more!	1
So many things going on and not enough time to do it all. Stressed amen.	It is alright to feel as if there is no time when there are a lot of things going on but at the end there is actually. time.	1
Hate being soo stressed out that any little thing will push me over the the edge needadaytorelax	Stress is intrinsic to life. We must learn how to deal with it!	1
6pieces of coursework to do for tomorrow and look after two babies at the same time. Yeah im going to fail my course	6 pieces of coursework to do for tomorrow and look after two babies at the same time. I hope God will help me pull through this.	1
Four done, four to go. I wonder how my grade would be with only half of it done?	Only four more left and my assignment is finished!	1
Panicking just a tad bit about my Communication Audit paper.. Not having a rubric makes me feel like I'm doing everything wrong	I am anxious about my communication audit paper because I don't have a rubric, but I know that I will do well without it.	1
Of course everyone feels like shit the air is broken. CommonSenseFolks Stressed its like people are intent on fucking with me at the end of this book ive been interrupted 3 fucking times.	I need y'all to stop interrupting my reading because I love this book!	1
living a charmed life, can it or should that be for how long that can continue for.. -fan	I hope I can continue living my best life in the coming years too.	1
This is one of those times where i really wish someone was at the house to talk to	Loneliness can be a great teacher. Why not use the time alone to self-introspect?	1
sleeplessCele  early class tomorrow tests rantingprobz I was sleeping just fine "/ my house is cold, no electricity	I hope I do well in my tests tomorrow although my sleep has bee interrupted tonight.	1
Need to remember that I can't please everyone all the time Just do what I think is right *sigh*	can't please everyone all the time Just do what I think is right	1
I'm really beginning to get stressed out..I hate relying on people for important things. ugh	I want to start taking more responsibility for what happens in my life others try their best to help and thats good.	1
Ughstressing. Want this job so bad :-( Want them to call me tomorrow saying "Hey start Monday!!"	I am sure I will get this job and will be asked to join this Monday.	1
So confused about everything, i dont know if i even want to do what i was originally going to after sixth form anymore D:	I have enough time to think about what I want to do after sixth form it will be okay.	1
College essays are killing me. I have less than 48 hours to finish everything. impossible	I have a lot of essays to finish in the next two days. I'm going to power through and get them finished though!	1
I really need a 4 door car, this 2 door Tiburon just isn't gonna cut it when Ryleigh gets here!!!	The car I currently had does not fit all my needs but I am thankful that at least I have a car.	1
I hate how my face is breaking out like a mofo the week before prom :(	My face is breaking out, but I hope it gets okay before prom.	1
Well I don't need a vine now BC Instagram just shoved it down my throat.	I see a lot of video content on Instagram now, but I'll spend more time on platforms that I enjoy more.	1
thank you doctors for making my life even more difficult. and your job more difficult. angry	Having a really tough time with the doctors at the moment. Although I am thankful for all the hard work that they do.	1
Felling and anxious can have longterm effects on your health. Take back control of your professional destiny! I can	Felling and anxious can have longterm effects on your health Hope to be healthy.	1
Arrgggghhhhhhhh!!! Injured knee you can bore off now!!! So many events I wanna do and can't :( duathlon triathlon muckyraces	Soon, my knee will be healed, and I'll be able to do duathlon, triathlon, and myckyraces.	1
So awkward when someone next to me sneezes, do I say bless you? I don't even know you? Why do we say bless you anyway?	If someone next to me sneezes, do I say bless you? I suppose it would be kind and open up conversation.	1
Such a bad headache,its hot and I'm having 2 cook dinner,the girls don't want 2 listen and I want 2 cry!	I'm going to take a pill for a headache, turn on the fan. That way I'll be able to do what should be done calmly	1
Ugh! Hate shopping with mam  it's 9:50 and she's already stressing out over train seats! Wish me luck guys  shopping mam	We should complete our shopping as soon as possible.	1
Is it bad that when I see people get engaged I think.. "Ha!! You have to plan a wedding next	Although I am sad when I see people getting engaged, everything has its time, when it happens to me it will happen.	1
When it's only week 3 of classes but you already are having a mental breakdown	The first three weeks of classes have been tough, but I'm confident that if I can make it through these past few weeks, I can make it through anything.	1
This morning I see a man standing just in his boxers shaking tryna hail down cabs	I need to learn not to look at other people's business, I will be more appreciated that way.	1
I can't believe I have to meet my group at 8 tonight because this project is due tomorrow	I will be so happy once this project is over.	1
It's that point in the evening where I am grumpy at everything I see. tired	I'm feeling very tired this evening, looking forward to some relaxation afterwards.	1
I wish there was on "off" or at least a "mute" button for my brain at nightI just can't ever stop thinking about things	Having a hard time sleeping at night which I think shows it's time to find some new strategies to get to sleep.	1
Has anyone else had trouble getting their car to start because of the cold? I'm about to miss work because of this.	It's completely normal to have car problems because of the cold, I'm sure it won't be any problem to miss work today because of that.	1
The moment when you can feel the tears in your eyes but you can't actually cry tired	I just need to remember about all the good things in my life to be happy about.	1
Well I think this is the first time I've stressed myself to the point of physical illness ibissues killme 4bigexams1week	Well I think this is the first time I've stressed myself which is bad for myself.	1
Holy crap. Everything is due Monday. AP Stat homework, AP Senior English Assignment 4, AP government 12 page merit brief essay. !!	Everything is due Monday. I have to finish as soon as possible.	1
just eaten like half a raw cauliflower. i literally cannot stop eating. it doesn't matter what it is, i will eat it	My God, I love eating too much, it makes me very happy!!!	1
Taking difficult classes and trying to get a 4.0, managing a basketball team, and having to work 16 hours each weekend.	Busy taking difficult classes, managing a basketball team, and having to work 16 hours each weekend, but it will all be worth it when I get my 4.0!	1
I will not be going back to ALDI , it was rammed with people, no system, people not social distancing. Aldi lockdownlessons	I had a bad social distancing experience at Aldi hopefully if I write to them they will be more aware.	1
You ever feel like packing it all in??? tired. Too much to deal with at this minute in time. Nobody else would do it.	I'm feeling like packing it all up, but unfortunately I'm too tired to deal with it right now.	1
Stressed Depressed Emotional I try my best to hide it. But sometimes I just need to cry.	I feel stressed and depressed emotional but I am a strong person so I will be able to handle it.	1
I've been so all week, and have been having wrestling nights. Yesterday, I had a day of Shopping. It cleared my mind, and distracted me from all my worries. This morning, I woke up well rested, and feeling like myself again. All I needed was a little	I had a day of Shopping. It cleared my mind, All I needed was a little rest.	1
Cassie's talking about she might be gone for a whole month of summer . Idk if I could do that ..	Even though Cassie might be gone for some time at least she will be back and I will enjoy her more.	1
This has been a bad morning so far but say what Thank God for waking me up this morning Blessed	This had been a bad morning so far, but thank God for waking me up this morning because the day can only get better from here	1
Strangely, I am growing fond of the waiting room of BI in Boston sick husband feel better ugh out	At least my husband will be getting better while I get familiar with the waiting room of BI in Boston.	1
Giving up on studying for this tax midterm  at least I have a 3 hour break tomorrow to prepare	I hope I do a good job of preparing for my test tomorrow.	1
These last four or five months for me have been the worst and nothing is getting better as of right now.	I have to plan things productive and realistic to getting better right now.	1
When Lady Antebellum said, Couldnt wait to get goin But wasnt quite ready to leave I felt that HARD	Lady Antebellum's line "Couldn't wait to get going but wasn't quite ready to leave" was really uplifting to me!	1
Ten days till the last day of school, and 3 days until prom, just a little	Ten days till the last day of school, and 3 days until prom... I am eagerly looking forward to it.	1
How am I suppose to pass my exams when you don't give me time to revise. annoyed	Through hard-work and focus I hope to pass my exams although I'm hardly given any time for revision.	1
need to sort it out giving me a collection note only to not have it their to pick up! confused	I wish they were clearer about the collection note.	1
Feel so hopeless and worthless, don't feel like I'm going to get anywhere in life giveup	I have to focus on my goals to get to where I want I can't ever give up	1
Was so fucking late in my second meeting! Dafuq! Why it has to be loaded today?	I was late for my meeting.	1
After what happen yesterday, Im going to seek out help for myself Monday. I cant handle this anymore.  depress	Therapy will help me understand what's important in life.	1
My heartbeat has been on 10 lately! Clearly, school is not good for my health.	I should take a break to improve my health.	1
I really need that bottle of wine that wouldn't let me purchase last night right now	Although I didn't buy the wine, at least I saved money	1
This has just been one big bad day altogether. I'm just gonna sleep for the rest of the week. tired	After sleeping well this week, my days will be better	1
We have mock debates in class today and our debate topic is the story of the three little pigs and the big bad wolf, while it may seem silly I am hella nervous and	At least after participating in the mock debate about the three little pigs and the big bad wolf I'll have had some experience debating with others.	1
Absolutely shattered but I can't sleep because my brother is swearing at everything in existence nothappy :(	Even though my heart is broken, I'm sure glad I have a bed to lay in at night.	1
Anyone go into a slight panic when trying to remember what Diddy's name is? P. Diddy, or is it Puff Daddy again?	I keep forgetting if Diddy is P. Diddy or Puff Daddy, but eventually I'll get the hang of it.	1
I know why they called this episode the long knight and Im only 40 minutes in!!  GOT8 GamefThrones	Very happy to be watching Game of Thrones	1
Why am I so stupid and why do I leave everything to the last minute?	I'm going to stop procrastinating and get things done earlier from now on.	1
I need some plans for today because I really need to get out of the house today	I think I would feel better if I go out of my house today.	1
Getting to the point in the year when getting past Wednesday gives me no comfort	I have to stay firm during this year so that on vacation I can rest	1
Gunna be at the library for the next 6 hours Having two exams in one day should be illegal!	I'm going to do my best to study for 6 hours for my exams tomorrow. Wish me luck!	1
I hate when people tell me not to be stressed. I'm a teenager. Try being me for a week and not being the least bit stressed.	Who says being a teenager is easy? Teenage years have their own share of ups and downs.	1
I bet I'm the only one that's gonna be dressed up tomorrow and I'm not winning or getting anything.	I would be happy to dress up tomorrow even though I don’t win or get anything.	1
These past few weeks have taken a doozy on my face between the sleep deprived eyes and random breakouts I look uglier than normal	These past few weeks have rendered a tired look to my face and the breakouts add to the misery, but I hope to meet a dermatologist to solve my problem.	1
I knew you were trouble from the beginning, but it's in my nature not to care. fuuuuck	I knew from the beginning you were trouble, but I always dive in to relationships to seek love, it's in my nature.	1
Stressed? We understand. But, we also know you can't work that way. We can help. entrepreneur	Under Pressure? We understand. It can be a challenge working that way. We can help you.  entrepreneur.	1
If my room is a mess, you know my mind is all over the place	I will be more mindful about the way my room looks, so I can feel at ease and work comfortably.	1
You know, I wish the majority of my tweets weren't so depressing, but I just can't help it. Ugh	It’s not good when a vast majority of my tweets are so depresssing, so I have planned to post some positive thoughts.	1
I've been doing homework for the past three hours straight and I'm not even done. I think it's time for a break.	I've been doing my homework for the past three hours and I hope to finish it after taking a break.	1
I just realized that my bill is past due. My next unemployment check comes in 2 weekscan I set something up? Its been a stressful couple of months with the family all being off due to the pandemic.	Even though my bill is past due, I have enough money coming in where I'll be able to cover it, thankfully!	1
Not sure how I'm supposed to submit assignments when there is no submission tab help	Not sure how I'm supposed to submit assignments when there is no submission tab. I hope to get some help.	1
When you can't vent anywhere else, you vent on twitter - I hate you, with all of my being!!! hate annoyed fake	I have learned about who is worth liking and to cut out those I do not.	1
So run down, would do anything for a spa day or even a holiday right now! dead exhausted dying	Everything will be better once I get my vacations, hard work only makes relaxing feel better.	1
They say working at CVS makes me an essential worker butI'm mainly getting yelled at about coupons EssentialWorkers COVID19US	I'm thankful to be considered an essential worker, even with the challenges of customer service involved in my job.	1
Stressed to the max Too much stuff to do and no time to do it.. AllByMyself	Really stressed at the moment but I know that this will pass and I'll get everything sorted out.	1
I just have to get through this next week of classes, then thanksgiving break. IThinkICan ugh	I am happy that there is only 1 week of school left until the Thanksgiving holiday, where I will be able to rest.	1
I'm going to need Jesus, God, Allah, Zeus, and every other holy deity to get me through today	All deities are on my side, I believe that everything will go well today.	1
I hate not having time to do what I need to do. I can't go to school, go to force, do my homework, go to work, and sleep.	Unfortunately I am not having time to fulfill all my obligations, but if I optimize my time better I know that I will be able to go to school and do my homework more easily.	1
Well, I've been up since 3 with a terribly uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach	I hope I get a few hours of sleep before morning so that I don't wake up with a headache.	1
literally just spent an hour calculating what grade i need on my finals to get all A's.. priorities finals	Going to study so hard to make sure I get all A's on my finals.	1
Thought it was my first full day off since I finished school but forgot about my exam annoying	When I finish my exam I'll get to enjoy my first day off since I finished school!	1
I have a high A in bio but if I don't do well on my lab practical today I could potentially fail the whole course	I know I'll be able to do well in lab practice today	1
Finals have me up late and so stressed I can't think or remember anything I'm reading.	Finals have me up late and so stressed I have to get good marks.	1
I always think when studying why am I a nursing major. Then I go to clinical and think oh thats why. stressed	Remembering why I chose to go into nursing	1
I'm not really a fan of today. Hopefully my rehearsal will cheer me up! headache	I'm not really a fan of today. Hopefully my rehearsal will cheer me up, and I'll feel better!	1
Can't wait to have two finals and a paper out of my way after today. I maybe will be able to breathe tmr	After doing these two final exams and a newspaper everything will be over and I will be able to relax.	1
The pain is so serious right nowits been all day.I can't even begin to explain. Pray4Me NeedAMassage	This pain is getting bad, and I guess a massage would do me good.	1
Report cards are due for my gymnastics kids, finals are in two weeks, picking up extra hours at the W AND I still have a cold.	I get to do gymnastics reports cards for the kids, finals will be over soon, I'm getting hours at work and my cold can only get better.	1
That moment in the workplace when a newbie like me gets handed all the job of the seniors. SIGH. work disappointed	Although the new job likes me I won't have him available to help me because he's getting a lot of work from the veterans.	1
I'm just a dumb girl looking for somebody to love and someone who will love her back.	I am a loving person and I deserve to have a partner who will love me back.	1
This week has been such a doozieglad tomorrow is Friday. I just have to get through it. badday worseweek stressed :(	Tomorrow I can relax :)	1
I'm not revising I'm just teaching myself school is pointless because 9/10 teachers can't teach for piss	I'm teaching myself, I'm a seft learner!	1
Carry on! Nothing to see hereIm just a walking ATM with boobs, that randomly breathes, eats and shits sometimes. tired	I need to have some time just for me to relax a litle bit	1
as I normally walk down the street. in my head I'm yelling 'save me, I don't want to do this'  !	Well just think, it'll soon be over!	1
I'm thankful to have money saved up because I have a government job and my paycheck might be fucked.	I’m so lucky to have money saved up, so I don’t have to worry about work.	1
Aren't their apps that tell taxi drivers about really bad traffic to avoid?! If I was a taxi driver.. I wld have that app. *THERE	I will use an app to help them out in the future.	1
The fact I need to power through these next few months, yet I'm losing the will to live FinalBattle University almostthere	On the home stretch now, only a couple of months left of university, im almost there.	1
Why do my children decide to fight each other as soon as they get up	I have to understand that my children like fighting games and their behavior will pass with time	1
If our guys are going to play like this with Nigeria I'm sorry to say that we going to loose SSDiski	I know our team can improve their game against Nigeria when we least expect it!	1
The amount of stuff I have to get done in the next three weeks is unreal.	I have a lot to get done, but in three weeks hopefully it will all be accomplished.	1
This was by far the worst day ever. Disappointed Frustrated Tired Angry Annoyed" I feel you.	This was by far the worst day ever. hope on tomorrow	1
If you can't handle doing your job then don't have one so you can stop stressing others out. annoyed	People that don't do their job well can irritate me at times, but I'm just thankful that they at least have work.	1
They keep saying I can pick whatever I want but it doesn't feel that way at all.	I feel I don't have as many choices as they say I do.	1
I really wanna go out for a drink tonite i aint did shit but work for the past week and i dont have another day off for 13 days	I worked quite a lot this past week I should plan a nice day trip on my next days off.	1
That moment you need help with Chem and the person who usually helps you, you ain't talking to at the moment.	I don't need to hurt my friendships so that I can rely on them and vice versa when we need help.	1
My thumb is extremely sore today because it appears I was clenching my fist all night. I have clearly never learned that you should keep your thumb on the outside not the inside when fist fighting. dreamfighting	I was clenching my fist all night from dream fighting, and I'm in pain so today I'm going to be positive so it doesn't happen again tonight.	1
Feeling kinda empty and not very well today. Got many things to do but too little time. Also slept bad. ugh	I could be better today but tomorrow is a new day	1
There is really only so much pressure and drama I can take per week. tired	There is a limit to the pressure and drama I can take per week which makes me tired, but I gain the confidence to face anything.	1
Is it bad I feel I needa drink after being at work for 2 hours?! behaviors	I feel I need a drink after being at work for 2 hours. I got to change this behavior.	1
does anyone ever block out entire periods of their lives and then years later remember everything just bc of a song????!!!!!! YEAH that just happened to me. i am	Does anyone ever block out entire periods of their lives and then years later remember everything just bc of a song????!!!!!! YEAH that just happened to me. so cool how our brain works	1
your isar he30 boiler is the biggest pile of poo ever 3 breakdowns in 3 weeks thanks a bunch	The he30 boiler is pretty bad and the makers need to examine it again to fix it.	1
I have a speech and history paper due next week and I haven't even started yet	I have a speech and history paper due which I have’nt started yet, but hope to finish on time.	1
Wish my eyes would just hurry up and get better!! Missed like 3 weeks of college because of it :( behind	Cannot wait for my eyes to get better and catch up on college work!	1
I'm not sure if I'm having a panic attack or heart attack as I wait start this final.	I am feeling anxious about this final I am about to start, I am only feeling like this because I know how important doing good at school is	1
I'm so sick of everyone trying to make me put them before everything else. School needs to come 1st, work needs to come 1st, my other job needs to come 1st, choir needs to come 1st! When do I get to come 1st????	I'm so tired of everyone trying to make me put them before everything else. I'm sorry but i need to keep my focus.	1
They went from no school today to now..NO SCHOOL for all of next week MAYBE the following week too! who about to be stuck with they kid all day everyday with no break	Prolonged rest only makes me appreciate working days as something that is necessary.	1
It's been a somewhat trying day  I don't care if it's a school night.. I will be needing wine tonight!	Looking forward to just kicking back and enjoying some wine for tonight!	1
I'm the same :( We can do it! " : Can't even begin to describe my stress levels right now! UniWork	I need to rest so that my stress decreases so I can continue my tasks	1
I have so much packing to do before I go out of town for a week on Sunday	I have so much packing to do before I go out of town for a week on Sunday, but that will be a great experience at all	1
Waiting for my nails to dry is so painful. Need a nail varnish hand dryer!! bored	Hate to wait for nails to dry but when they do they look amazing.	1
Profanity has taken a part of my work day. And I swear like a sailor.. My poor workmates! I wait when my roommate throws me out..	I think I could lower the amount of insults I say a little.	1
Dear God I ask that today when I'm weak be my strength, when I'm without be my provider, and when I'm hopeless gve me hope	If I have faith, everything will work in the end, God is with me.	1
Hey &, please find and get him help. Autistic and & contemplating suicide. Has ranted 4 awhile.	I will be there for him and not leave his side.	1
Wrote out nine pages of notes today for my criminology exam in two weeks and they are just proper shit man. I need a Christmas miracle to pass this exam	I wrote a ton of notes for my criminology exam. I need to organize them better, but I am determined to pass this exam.	1
Lawd im soo tired of waking up every morning. Like wea tf is may. Im just really tired of school. im just ready to graduate fuck	I will take a really amazing nap and wake up feeling better.	1
We've begun to approach the time of the year where every time I look at infinite campus my heart rate reaches unhealthy levels.	We've begun to approach the time of the year when every time I look at infinite campus my heart rate increases, but like every year before I will soon settle into a routine and forget why I was anxious in the first place.	1
I got less than four hours of sleep last night.. One quick review session before my midterm in less than 4 hours!!! da3watkom	I got less than four hours of sleep last night studying to get the best grade I can on my Midterm! One more quick review before the test!	1
I hate school, school hates me, can i just go back like 5 years when i was good at school  failingatlife	I'm having a lot of difficulties at school now, but I know that with more effort I can improve it!	1
how my relationship has to come this , is beyond me , I need to get away :(	I hope to find a good way to get out of this relationship.	1
If u wanna tie the worlds strongest knot, put ur headphone in your pocket for a minute. Annoyed	At least when I put my headphones in my pocket they just make a knot and don't break	1
Hate the feeling of being unprepared for something. About to help at a school meeting and no idea what I'm about to say.	I am feeling unprepared for a school meeting that is coming up, this is a good opportunity to organize my thoughts and prepare a good presentation.	1
I'm literally drowning due to forensics. Someone please help me before I have a melt down	I may be stressing about my class, but I'm glad that it's almost over with.	1
This work has driven me MAD. " shutup sabah you complain like your doing A-levels.	All types of work can be challenging regardless of what you are doing, I'm just going to focus on the results.	1
Ugh,can't even put to words how much I hate my hair,why does it never go right?!	I hope my hair would get set according to my taste.	1
I feel like I've been in school for a quarter already but nope, it's only been a little over a month	I hope time starts going faster so that I can finish school quickly.	1
That awkward moment when you thought everythng is OK and realize that nah everything is just a mess	Everything will be ok, I will find a way to make everything work! I always do!	1
2 weeks no kickboxing his move across country and a month hiatus got a girl Stressed PentUp and Frustrated -- anything is possible --	He did not do kickboxing for 2 weeks, He will be so happy when he will get to the gym.	1
I don't understand why it's so difficult for people in my building to be considerate when doing laundry	I hope people in my building are more considerate when doing laundry.	1
In the past 2 weeks I've had 3 family members admitted to the hospital, I in ICU and a close family friend with 24 hours to live.	To live is to die. However, sadness is inevitable.	1
That whole bloody mess having to haul someone off in an ambulance isn't a perk of lifeguarding.	My job as a lifeguard is hard but I get to save peoples lives which is amazing.	1
can i get a wee song played? Still trying to study for my 3hr exam tomoro and nothing stayin in my head :(	I know I'll be able to do well on the exam tomorrow despite the difficulties today	1
Think I aged by 10 years in the first several minutes of today's game !!	Today's game was so intense, I had a great time, everyone gave their all!	1
I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay. Not right now	When my crisis passes I will be able to remember the moments of stability and I will be thankful that it returns my calm.	1
Best place when I need to come a just get away. pond stressed boots dontcare	Best place to go when I need a break. Love the pond	1
My phone was supposed to be in 1 to 3 days. Now its expected to be in in 8 days	My phone was supposed to be in 1 to 3 days, and now it is expected to be in 8 days, but that is all fine since it is a good phone anyway	1
It's been a long day. But at least I have a job. Not everyone does. but	Though it's been a hectic day, I'm grateful that I am still employed when unemployment looms large.	1
I spend way to much,time,money and effort buying things offline. Oh the stress when it comes days late is making my hair fall out.	I spend a lot of energy buying stuff on the internet, but I'm so happy when I get it.	1
so why are we guinea pigs for the Common Apps failed attempt at a new system?	I'm ok with having been the first to use Common Apps because someone had to do it.	1
hear back from the vet hospital Wednesday. Also being pressured to accept a small promotion at my current job by about Friday..	I'm so thankful to be offered a promotion at my job.	1
I'am still dead tired and I feel worse than I did yesterday, , Lost, don't break my only hope of life..	I am really exhausted but after a break I will be up and ready to go again.	1
stressed 6 things so far that have annoyed me to no end at dinner at Rivers. Give me a coffee and a room with no one in it any day.	I'm going to take a day to relax by myself and come back recharged and ready for what comes next!	1
think I'm going to start screaming and crying. this day could NOT get worse. IWantToGoBackToSchool MentalBreakDown	I want to go back to school, I miss my friends. But I have to be safe also.	1
Be careful when you are stressed. Not being in control may lead you to make regrettable decisions.	Be careful when you are stressed. It hurt someone	1
I never thought I could be like this with you It hurts and I hate it	I never thought I could be like this with you. It hurts, and I don't like it. However, that's just life, and I'll get through this.	1
Save money and go to sccc OR have a blackout kinda time at a college where ill be in bankruptcy for the rest of eternity	I'm grateful to at least go to college, which few people can.	1
Have to take the day off work exp tomorrow to do my whole behaviour project that has to be in on thurs :/	I have to take a day off work to do my project tomorrow but at least now I know I need to start earlier.	1
This week has been insane. I do not want a repeat of this poop hole week.	I hope next week turns out better than this one.	1
I seriously hope that we don't have our tennis meet Saturday. Oh my gooosshhhh sonervous	I hope and pray that we don’t have our tennis meet on Saturday.	1
If I can make it to Friday I can make it through anything school tired	I'll make it until Friday, and then I can go through anything at school!	1
Wtf is the point of our counseling office if no one is ever there to frickin help anyone. pissed frustrated	No one is here to help me at the counseling office, but I'm sure they'll show up soon.	1
I keep hearing this thing call vacation. What is it? And where can I get one?	I think I'll plan myself a nice vacation soon.	1
I'm feel like I'm gonna get sick!;( I'm stressing out so bad:( I hope everything is ok!:( and I hope i didn't do anything wrong:/	Everything will be ok, no point in stressing over tings I can't control!	1
Getting nervous.. i'm supposed to be feeling better not worse.. and I work at 7:30am. And I can't just call into work	I am getting nervous as I just cannot call into work and I work at 7.30 a.m I hope the problem gets solved.	1
But I have a serious doctors appt. tomorrow so I might need to get some sleep.	I know that tomorrow I will get to rest, and restart my energies!	1
Fucked rite off weathers getting on my tits roll on my hols 9 weeks counting	I can't wait for my holiday it will be the best.	1
i'm starting to fall for youi don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing confused inlove	I'm so happy I get to experience love, and that It comes from you.	1
I wanna know what the heck is going on. I'm so confused with music, bio, and life in general! help iwantthetruth finals	Finals are so hard but if I work hard then the results will be worth it.	1
I'm not one to say this but after the day I've had, I could use a few drinks. badday	A few friends and I are going to go out for some drinks tonight to celebrate being finished with the week.	1
the fact that I need to have my thesis idea and ways to defend it due tomorrow seems more than unfair agrees hah	I need to have my thesis idea and ways to defend it by tomorrow and I hope I succeed in it.	1
Schedule making at 3, lab due midnight tomorrow, and gotta study for tomorrow's exam :s	Studying will help me make great progress on my career.	1
I've got so much to think about within the next week and a half.. I guess ill just sleep on it.	I admire my ability to think things through when I'm about to sleep, this next week I'm going to do that a lot.	1
I don't think I'm ever going to get to college if my mom doesn't help me sometime soon	I need to speak with my mom about college and work together to ensure that I can go.	1
Why do I have a feeling my dinner is going to turn out really wrong :/	I know my cooking skills, I know the food will be good	1
Doing everything you possibly can to stay busy so you dont have a mental break down.	I'm glad I'm able to keep myself busy so that I don't have a mental breakdown.	1
Got way too much on my mind that I don't know what to do anymore vergeofmentalbreakdown	I have a lot on my mind, but I need to try and relax and do some mindfulness techniques to calm myself down.	1
So ! Today- ! If-I ! FEEL ! stressed out I will ! trust in You Lord - ! LearnToPray: !	I am confident that with the help of God, I will get through this.	1
Oh dear bang bang bang outside, stops. Bang bang bang inside. And round and round it goes. buildingwork	Building work create a huge sound, I have to tolerate it.	1
Going to get tobacco and maybe a walk through the wilderness to try and relax hope it works because death is hard to cope with	Some tobacco and a walk in the wilderness would be a good source of relaxation for me.	1
Keep getting asked stupid questions today! If you're going to ask something stupidask someone elseDO NOT ASK me! annoyed	I don't think your questions are clever enough to be asked to me. It would be better if you ask someone else.	1
Got a lot on my plate these days. If you see me looking like a chicken with its head cut off PLEASE give me some encouraging words	These days have been busy, I am really thankful for all the people that are encouraging me	1
I'm so tired of this. This season and semester cannot go fast enough done retired over	I just keep telling myself that this season and semester will be over soon!	1
At least three projects due next week! Holy Moley I'm about to spend a lot of time and money  educationmajor teacherprobs	My week is full of project, this is going to be so productive for me and my future!	1
The fact that some of my professors scheduled the final for next week makes me hate them a little more.	Some of my professors scheduled finals for next week. At least I have seven days to study.	1
Why is no one else awake at 3AM when I'm having my freak out mental breakdown. I need to vent. horriblenight	I need to get earlier sleep so that I don't have mental breakdowns early in the morning.	1
Lesson learned: if it's an option to come home from college Don't. -.- pissed crappyweekend	I'm thankful for my family and the time I get to spend with them.	1
I know it's homecoming and everything but I'm so ready for this week to be over! Stressed	The homecoming and all this is making me stressed, but when the week is over things will go back to normal.	1
Omg this paper!!!!!! Seriously if I didn't want to have an A I'd just take a zero! trailprobs	I hope I get an A for the paper I just answered.	1
I have a book review due today, test today, and a book presentation on Friday	Until Friday, I will have my book review, test and book presentation all done.	1
Is it bad that I don't want to self-publish because I don't think I could handle that much stress? writingcommmunity writing	Is it ok to feel insecure about the amount of stress that comes with self-publishing?	1
TOWIE chasingthesatsuk and tommybowesbodycheck all on at once and it's so hard to juggle the 3 of them!	I'm so lucky there's so many amazing TV shows on TV lately.	1
It would be a miracle if I knew half the material that was on this exam	Next time, I'll study enough to know the entire content of the exam	1
Idk whos idea it was for me to take Botany with Sirigiri and Comp 2 with Davis, but it wasnt mine. Oh, did I mention micro computer apps too???	I have a lot of studying to do but at least it will make me smarter and more knowledgeable.	1
Been stressed and anxious for two days now, I've had one small snack in that time LoveAnxiety	I am going to make some smarter health decisions and remeber I need to eat even if I feel anxious.	1
Can life get any harder on me? I know God puts us through nothing we cant handle but dang man give me a break Ugh	I know God challenges us with things we must overcome, but it would be great to let some breaks in inbetween.	1
I don't know if I should do the weights project because its a waste of time If it isn't due tomorrow	I should finish the weights project even if it is not due tomorrow as I can be stress-free after that.	1
Friday!! Moving has been completed, car search ended, house organized. little bit - but end is in sight! Feeling	It's finally Friday and I have finished moving and the car search.  Soon it will be time to relax.	1
I was making shakes at work and when I turned around there were 15 people behind me!!!!!!!	Luckily, they were nice and just wanted to make an order.	1
I love my grandma to death but i hate how i get lectures for the hole my mom caused this family to go thru	I know my grandma is only trying to help I need to talk to her about how I feel.	1
It sucks not being able to play the game you love, especially when that game is an escape from the rest of your life.	I love video games they’re great for escapism from daily life. Cant wait to play again.	1
OMG voice over on iPhones is soooo frustrating!! So glad I finally managed to turn it off	I can finally enjoy my phone more, thanks to the developers for putting the option to turn voice over off!	1
Ever have one of those weeks where everything feels off Need to clear my head and make a game plan	This may be one of those weeks when everything feels off, but, not to worry, I always get on top of things when I get an opportunity to clear my head, and I definitely will come up with a game plan.	1
Project project project~~.. Y cant teacher assign us earlier instead of at the point of time!? Made us really rush hard!	Teachers ought to give more time to students for project work. This would result in a smooth and timely completion of projects.	1
Starting to freak about no partial credit on the PRAC tomorrow. Have yet to pass a quiz :/	I'm worried about no partial credit on the PRAC tomorrow. I haven't passed a quiz yet, but I will, and it's going to be all right.	1
Come up to bed so I can have a little cry as I need to let it out down Upset	I’m lucky that I have someone that I can have a cry to when I’m feeling down.	1
I have spent the majority of today researching graduate schools, veterinary schools, and the Peace Corp.	Today was productive because I spent the major part of the day researching graduate schools, veterinary schools and the Peace Corp.	1
Why wouldnt you check the back of a wedding invite? Wouldnt you be like oh where do I Rsvp at? and flip it over and be like oh duh?? frickenA 10days	I find it pretty strange that people do not read wedding invites cover to cover.	1
so much to do so little time and I have no idea what to do!	I'm glad I have plenty of time and I can decide what to do, there are many possibilities.	1
How am I supposed to study for midterms when I have at least 4 hours a night of homework.	I might have a lot of homework, but they will help me with the midterm	1
I was so tired earlier that I went downstairs to put a box down there and forgot the box.	I can't wait to go to sleep tonight and get up all fresh and well rested tomorrow morning.	1
Words cannot describe how badly I wanna be a drunken mess in fundee tonight sincity carnage	I am hoping against hope not to be a drunken mess in fundee tonight	1
If only my computer could go back to how it was before it crashedfinals week is not the time to be missing things!	I hope my computer would go back to how it was before crashing, So that I don’t miss anything in the finals’ week.	1
I can't be sick, I have nursing classes and work tomorrow. I can't afford to miss :(	I am feeling a bit sick, but I have work and nursing classes tomorrow. I hope to be alright soon.	1
We may feel a bit run down, overwhelmed and unable to manage situations, which can be triggered due to work issues, personal relationships, financial issues and children. It's important that we look after ourselves, have a chat with me on how I can help you to feel less	During this stressful time, its important that I take time to look after myself.	1
What you can do when your todo list is miles long and making you feel stressed or overwhelmed on HFHradio	My to do list is miles long and somewhat overwhelming. I'm going to prioritise and then knock off a few quick wins so I feel like I'm making progress.	1
I've got soooo much work to do and I'm sat in children's a&e with my little brother :(	I have so much work to do, and I'm in A&E with my brother, we will be seen soon, and I can get on with my work	1
SoMy oven is broken one week before I host Thanksgiving. They ordered new one-delivery Tues or Wed. No guarantee. iwannascream	My oven is broken, and I am going to host Thanksgiving next week, feeling a little anxious right now but I'm sure the new one will be delivered in time!	1
Just spent the last 10 minutes frantic as heck cause I forgot to save my paper. PTL I found it. Holy moly	I was scared because I forgot to save my paper but I rock and I found it back! Thanks God	1
Notice your breathing right now. When we breathe fast and shallow. Slow down and breathe deeply	Notice your breathing right now. Be thankful for the fact that you are breathing. Slow down and breathe deeply	1
have to finish homework, find my missing dance shoes, and pack for convention.. greaaaaaat	There is only one more homework left, and I can already get my things and finally go to the convection. Greaaaaaat	1
1 exam down, 4 exams and a 7-10 page paper to go. Winter break is still way too far away	1 exam down, 4 exams and a 7-10 page paper to go. Proud of my progress so far!	1
- ugh if I don't pass english I don't get my diploma this year wtf ugh	If I don't pass English I don't get my diploma this year. So i'm going to study really hard in order to pass.	1
tomorrow is prom and the amount of things I still have to do is insane	I have a lot of things to do before prom but I am excited because the prom is coming up.	1
Can I just have few days w|o a BS? All I need is a few dayssheesh!	I’m sure things will get better soon. I am possitive.	1
Feeling a little overwhelmed by gap year planning? Come in for a chat! gapyear minigap volunteer intern planning	Are you feeling overwhelmed by gap year planning? Come to me! I can help you!	1
I want to buy I need the money just in case of any little thing but idk I'm thou :\ idk what to do.!	Being responsible with money will get me farther than just mindlessly spending it on things I don't need.	1
May this furniture last 15years! Bought new furniture as no space yet can't get all my stuff back into room	This furniture has an excellent quality, I think it has a good durability. Now, I need to organize myself to get more space and put my things back.	1
Had enough now !!!!!!! Roll on tomorrow gunna get very very drunk and forget the world exist !!!!!!!!!!	Done for today. Tomorrow I am going to have fun.	1
Well two declines to be represented. This is going to be a long process. publishing	I've been declined twice, but I'm determined to get published.	1
What is wrong with me?! Why do I feel sick all the time all of a sudden?! notright stupidbody	I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can get things done quickly.	1
Everything is getting on top of me today and i could do with a little cry :(	Some days you need to let yourself feel those emotions	1
It's days like these that I say, "Lord, I lay my life down at your feet."	I'm thankful for my faith that gets me through hard times.	1
Trying to write but hubby is busting our speakers with music that sounds exactly what the 9-hour shift I just left feels like.	Just finished a noisy shift at work, would love to have a quiet place to write at home.	1
These last few days are going to either turn me into an alcoholic or make me need some serious meds.	Mental health, nowadays, is fragile. Sometimes the existential emptiness claims alcohol and drugs.	1
.On a new med, but not getting my hopes up. I've been let down too many times. Treatment-Resistant depression sucks! Throw in anxiety, PTSD, a recent major health crisis and it's a recipe for disaster.	It is difficult to cope with Treatment resistantance, as it can cause depression, anxiety and PTSD. Since I had major health crisis recently and had been let down many times, I am not keeping high hopes on new medicine.	1
This is so weird. When I try to see the m&g pics from the last two shows, it says there aren't pics in the gallery.	It says the pictures I'm looking for are not in the gallery. If I can't find them, I can always use someone elses.	1
I hate my new painting and I won't even bless social media with its ugliness	My new painting isn't that good. I'm not putting it on social media until I improve and try for a better one next time!	1
Today was pretty crazy, the rest of my week is still going to be crazy!	I would love to be done with this week so that I can have a fresh start next week.	1
Bill's took my entire check and still ain't got enough wtf this is a first what's going on here	I'll make sure I pay everything I owe for Bill	1
The few times i ask for ur help and dont respond right away!!! and i know ur gonna read it and not say nothing back! Mad Frustrated	Time to learn from everything that happened!	1
I need a break. At this point a day off isn't enough. I need a whole week. ijs break vacation tired	I am going on vacation to take rest.	1
my daughter has had her money stopped by UC so she is now at home with 2 young children with no money no rent no food ? These people are crazy under pressure ? what now not coping madness stressed had enough already .	Even though my daughter has no money at the moment I am quite sure the state will move in to help her.	1
Is it bad that I've only had two days of class and I already wish it was winter break?	I've only had two days of class and I already wish it was winter break. Hope classes get more interesting.	1
This weekend has just pushed me past my breaking point. dont even know how to deal with it all. tired	This weekend has been tough, but next weekend will be better.	1
Sitting in the little auto service rooms at Canadian Tire is just like a hospital waiting room	Patiently sitting in the little auto service rooms at Canadian Tire gives me the opportunity to clear my head.	1
i wish i could light something right now stressed! its a great thought bout those days are gone	I am stressed out right now, but I'm glad I gave up the substance abuse. I can make it without that.	1
At least she's not mad at me God dammit now I'm mad at everyone and everything. I feel you ma pissed	I am really furious at the moment, but I know I will cool down soon.	1
Sometimes you need to be alone to clear your head and think. Now, all I want to do is cuddle up and cry :/ tired	I'm thankful for my alone time so that I can recharge myself.	1
Haha I just gotta laugh otherwise ill be depressed."  it's been a rough day for the both of us	Laughing is the best way to deal with difficult times	1
A few Giants hit us this week frustrated calm realized God sent something ahead of us to defeat the giant so we can conquer it	We had some problem this week but god put them in our way to show us he love us.	1
Why is Xmas eve not a bank holiday?wrapping to do haven't finished shopping, power cuts and blown down fences do not help .com	I wish Christmas Eve were an official holiday. It would make it so much easier to get shopping and wrapping done, especially when the weather is so bad!	1
Sad or ? Try a long walk and notice the difference when you return. We started the hashtag: MoveAMuscleChangeAThought please RT	A long walk can chill you out making the hashtag ; MoveAMuscleChangeAThought  true.	1
I need a few plates to smash and kittens to kick. (Not kittens really but you know what I mean)	I feel like breaking things sometimes, but it is important to get out my anger sometimes.	1
At the point to where I'm just crying at every little thing that has to do with the next week. graduation senior	I'm just crying at every little thing that has to do with the next week, but when that week goes by, I'll be fine.	1
I just want to see everyone I can this summer but its so difficult. I feel like the time is slipping away from me.	I value the time spent with my friends this summer, and I enjoy the summer experiences I do have with friends more when I ignore the clock and cherish every moment of time.	1
If this baby cries every half hour like its doing atm, I'm gunna put it out side!	So lucky to have such an amazing baby, they sometimes cry but all babies cry. It's worth the nights up.	1
When me and Mattie are both crying while texting each other venting about EVERYTHING >; <;<;>;	It's so great that I have a friend which I can open up to and vent about everything.	1
On the last day before Xmas break, students gave to me,84 ungraded essays and a stressful,long weekend. SoCloseToFreedomYetSoFar	On the last day before Xmas break students gave to me 84 ungraded essays and a stressful long weekend. But after I'm done i can enjoy the holiday.	1
Why does technology hate me so much? Now I have to redo work I just spent an hour on!!	I'm frustrated with my computer, but I have no choice but to redo my work.	1
Can I go back to the land of sleeping in, no school work, my family and my puppy? AKA Huntington	I miss the days of sleeping in and not having work to do, but I'm thankful for where I'm at today.	1
This is the point in an Indiana game where and I wish we had a beerscratch thata shot!!!	I‚Äôm going to get some shots soon would make this indiana game great.	1
My stomach has me constantly in a bad mood. I just want to go to the freaking doctors already	If I go to the doctor my stomach will be alright.	1
You knows it's bad when you can only sleep for 2 hours at a time because so much is going on in your head	It’s not good when you can sleep only for 2 hours due to over thinking, but you have to be grateful that you are not in depression.	1
I'm in one of those 'I hate everyone' moods this evening. anxiety Me too girl!	I hope I have a good night's sleep so that I get into a better frame of mind soon.	1
Why's my mum such a pain in the backside! she knows she takes kyron on a sunday but still tries to find an excuse not too!	I appreciate my mum helping me out with Kyron whenever she can.	1
Going to have a mental break down and now the post office won't give me my letter	I am upset about the post office not giving me a letter, but still I am sure I can get it from them.	1
Hawaii is the least state.. I'm saving up to go there now Can't wait No stress no tension just	Travel is good for the health.	1
Looks like this University is giving me a headache! Students complaining 'bout Busses and they drag their feet	I guess not all university is perfect but I am here to get my degree and that's mostly what happens.	1
working out until I pass out, this may or may not be a good idea I'm going insane	I think I am stressing out myself due to excessive work out, so I need to relax a bit.	1
I literally plan my week down to the minute. I have NO IDEA what my life would be like without my planner. overscheduled	I have become an expert at planning my week down to the minute. I am so thankful I have a planner.  Without it, I have NO IDEA what my overscheduled life would be like.	1
These damn Korean dramas are stressing me the fuck out. Stupid for making me watch them.. -_-	These Korean dramas aren't making me feel good. I should stop watching them.	1
Penicillin 4 times a day for the next 2 weeks? You have GOT to be kidding me! Insane Angry	Penicillin 4 times a day for the next 2 weeks? No problem! I can do this.	1
Janitor told me girl i aint never seen your hair that bad lmao finals but for me to go to an 8 oclock final thats at 10	I just have one more final to go, and I'll be all done!	1
2 cereal bars and a cup of tea in 15 hours is not ideal. Problems of a nurse	2 cereal bars and a cup of tea in 15 hours is not ideal. But I can take it because I love being a nurse.	1
Having bad dreams? When , we tend to wake up more often during the night, and allowing unpleasant dreams to go on all night. Good sleep habits can help: avoid caffeine and alcohol close to bedtime, and try to bunk down and get 7 to 8 hours of sleep a night.	Good sleep habits like minimizing caffeine and alcohol closer to bedtime and ensuring 7 to 8 hours of sleep a night, are great ways to sleep peacefully and wake up all fresh the next day.	1
The future is so unclear for me right, and in less than a few months I have to know where im going, and how im gonna get there..	I have a few more months to know where I'm going. This is a great opportunity to grow as a person	1
Not enough time for media at all! Totally blanked for my politics question too! !! HaveMercy  Bawling :(	I am just going to laugh instead of crying about this question.	1
Sometimes my mind goes crazy but I wonder a lotsometimes I wish I had the guts to ask you	I am proud for respecting myself and waiting for him to come to me.	1
Ugh why is my teacher making this test so unbelievably difficult and worth 250 points	I have a test which is an opportunity to show off what skills I have and learn where my weaknesses are.	1
I really hate the fact that i'm paying for every single thing next year, pretty much like i do now	I will finish paying what I owe and next time I will learn to control my spending	1
I have a million things to do and I have not done a single one of them	Sometimes I just need to start with one thing, so I can do everything I have to do.	1
This business project is the reason I have grey hairs at the age of 18	I will stop worrying about the business project because learning is part of life	1
Group work induced insomnia is worth it when you see a fox on your stupid oclock library trips	We did a ton of staying up late in the library doing group work, but at least we are better prepared for the exam.	1
sleep"something I would like to participate in but just cannot seem to figure that trick out lately exhausted	My insomnia has been pretty bad lately but I'm glad I can still function.	1
Today's healthcare: Everyone is angry fedup Feels shortchanged So much waste of money So little	I think the government needs to reform our healthcare system.	1
Just "a bit" . That's the reason why I quit school. I hated the stress provoked by exams. Stress freezes my brain.	I quit my school because of exams.	1
things to do today. not be sick. pack. finish homework and finals. pack. sleep. buy things. drive for 4 hours.	I am looking forward to being in good health, pack, finish homework and finals and drive for 4 hours.	1
Currently trying to do the hardest exam ever! Worst thing about it you have to keep doing it until you pass. Literally wanna cry!	I have a hard exam coming up but if I study really hard I know I can do great on it.	1
Either i go to bed with cold feet or i got to bed with warm feet that are uncomfortable with socks on	Lucky that I have a warm bed to sleep in even though I cant quite get the temperature right for my feet.	1
BRB FREAKING OUT WINTER ENDED AND SPRING CAME AND NOW MY ENTIRE FARM IS A MESS AND THINGS ARE BREAKING AHHHHH	Farm needs a lot of work to be kept and it's normal sometimes to feel overwhelmed.	1
The closer it gets to graduation, the further I get away from knowing what I want to do.	Graduation is nearing, and I am not able to decide what I want to do. Hope God will help me in my decision.	1
That blonde moment where u put the freshmilk in the cupboard and the sugar in the fridgetotally Hate it	When people are thinking about other things they usually do things wrong so it's normal.	1
I guess it doesn't matter how hard you work anymore, it is all about who you are	I am smart, and I work hard, I'm sure that it will pay off soon.	1
Every Friday night without fail 44 is late going into town wasting money I'm paying,	The 44 is late going into town every Friday night, which wastes my money, but I'm glad to at least get there.	1
For the past few months I have been saving for this party and do you know what I don't even want to gave it anymore	I must save money for my future plans.	1
Ahhh lost my train of thought and there's less than an hour left for the game	Lost in thought while thinking about the game. Game's almost over	1
Feeling very and depressed lately. I just need a mental health day, but I got school tomorrow so I cant do that.	Taking some time off will do me good, I need to restart and take care of my mental health.	1
Just had a little freak out about my wedding dress!!! I need to sleep weddingbrain	I was worried about my wedding dress, but I'll get some sleep, and just relax about it.	1
the one night i need the most sleep , I cant like this is the worst sleep I had in ah minute	This is the worst sleep I had in a minute, but thank God tomorrow will be a better day.	1
Would it be too much to ask if I could just NOT see 4am for at least 1 day a week!??	I need to wake up at 4am but at least I get to warch the sunrise and be more productive in the day.	1
Our office building started flooding about 4 hours ago, really hoping the damage to HQ will be minimal :(	Our office building started flooding about four hours ago but I’m sure it will be sorted.	1
I thought this year would be my year, but my luck is just getting worse and worse as the weeks go by. frustrated	I hope the coming weeks will reverse the luck I have been having all these days.	1
I knew something awful was going to happen today when my left knee started itching incessantly. My social and behavioral professor has assigned back to back assignments with poor instructions and a group dynamic that she will update later. We only have 3 classes left.	A lot of bad things happen today, but soon it will be over.	1
I had a nightmare where frogs and spiders kept crawling out of my air vents while I was driving down the interstate at night and I woke up .	I had a nightmare with flrogs and spiders but thanks God I woke up!	1
Alevels Physics will be the death of me hating so much on 'em right now.	A-level physics is really hard. I might be as bright as Einstein when I'm done.	1
Today has been one stress filled day flat tyre, wasp stings, traffic wardens, broken tree branches. I wish I drank alcohol	Flat tire, wasp stings, traffic wardens, broken tree branches have made my day a bit tough, but I feel some alcohol would lift my spirits up.	1
I'm too lazy to do my online schoolwork, but it all needs to get done before Ayva gets here.	I'm eager to complete my online schoolwork, so I will be free to play before Ayva gets here.	1
I hate essays with a passion. Christmas break needs to hurry up and be here already	I can't wait to get done with this essay and start my Christmas Break.	1
Had an interview at 9.30 only an hour late!!! Why did no one tell me SAC is now at UWS	I value determination, so even though I was an hour late to my interview, I still went.	1
Literally one of the worst days I have had in a while. I don't understand. :( sad	I know that tomorrow will be a better day!	1
People telling me how to act, what to be, what I should believe in , anymore I'm not sure confused help ..	The constant control of others over my life made me realize that I have to be independent.	1
Locked my keys in the car just before I was heading to the library to read a million cases for class tomorrow. Wtf.	Locked my keys in the car just before I was heading to the library that was good.	1
Trying to write a 10 page paper while also trying to study for exams is not fun. 10/10 would NOT recommend!	Trying to write a 10 -page paper while also trying to study for exams is not fine but you can master the art of doing two jobs at a time.	1
I feel so awful, I just want to sleep all day but I just have so much to do ugh	As I don’t feel good with much work to do, a good sleep would freshen me up.	1
Flat hunting! Gotta get out. Don't care if I have to pay two rents. .	Time to looking for a new flat, even if I have to pay two rents.	1
StresSed GameDay BeatBama Can we get this game underway? I am going to have ulcers.	I'm so ready for the start of this game!	1
That moment when you're about to let a friend down because it's all too much at home and work! :(	Even though I have a lot going on, I always make sure to put my friends first.	1
I try so hard to do well Somehow I end up messing it up everytime	Trying my best to do well	1
Ive been meaning to buy a chiefs hat or hoodie for like 2 years now but now I really cant do it cuz of last night everyone will think Im a bandwagon but I really just like their logo	Is it the wrong time to get a chief's hat or hoodie. I've wanted one for like 2 years	1
Can anything else crazy and not good happen to my family this year? I want to curl up and break down. overwhelmed needprayers	I hope that next year is a better year for my family although I am happy that everyone is together.	1
I know it's probli not up there on your list of priorities but what is the dress code for next sat?? stressed	I know it's probli not up there on your list of priorities but what is the dress code for next sat?	1
going to my homeland in makati to get some magnet ~rare magnet cavite didn't have it :(	Going to my homeland in makati to get some magnet that is the place which makes me happy.	1
If we could talk about the heartattack I just hadyeah y'all dont even know! bad	I managed to survive a heart attack and I think that’s pretty cool.	1
Working on a paper and then back to packing. Still have so much to do and a little amount of time to do it.	Still need to work on my paper and pack, so I need to learn to manage my time better!	1
Prom dress shopping sucks this year.. I'm literaly not going again for atleast a month	Even though shopping is sucks, on prom day I'll be beautiful	1
Think Im in a nightmare. depressed anxiety lockdown furloughed COVID19 living in a crazy house Is it just me or does anyone else feel like this?	I may feel tense living in this house but I'm just glad to have a roof over my head.	1
Ok, I have a ton on my plate this week. Thank you teachers for making this week impossible. school homework	Ok, I have a ton on my plate this week. I have to done to be stressfree	1
Thanks, typically we'd just sent a mailing out for too! // hope it's back soon **	We'd just sent a mailing out for too. maybe they were busy.	1
Wow trying to do homework was a fail. I got some work done but not enough. also it was Oscars2014 tonight so that didn't help	I got some work done but not enough, I need to try and do better managing my time.	1
Some people need a little bang a double decker going 46296372920 miles per hour. Ffs	That bus driver was driving too fast but bus companies do a lot of good for society in general.	1
The 8.32 HSL-WAT has been late for the last 7 days (not Sat/Sun). My employers are no longer interested in my apologies or attempts to make up lost time. Any suggestions what to say to them? What plans are in place to sort this situ long term?	We need to reorganize our priorities to keep my employers happy with our deadlines and work.	1
I know the NHS is stretched. And its been Christmas. But almost 3 weeks waiting to hear if someone has cancer is too long.	Almost 3 weeks waiting to hear if someone has cancer is too long, but I'm thankful the NHS will help me with my treatment.	1
Seriously feel bad for anyone that has been with me this past week and had to listen to me complain 24/7..	This was a rough week of complaining but things are going to look up.	1
Been so out lately. I need to just drop off the face of the earth for a few days and	I’m excited to focus on myself for a few days.	1
WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME?!?!?! Why are you making me sit down with you and break your heart again	We will talk things through again and hopefully improve our relationship, no need to be rude to each other.	1
I have no idea how to do this stats homework why cant my teacher teach like normal teachers	Homework are supposed to hard and the teachers do not have an easy job to do.	1
i need a holiday so bad, its gone past the point of just wanting one now, i NEED	I cannot wait to have a holiday immediately.	1
Can. Not. Wait. Until exams are over! Revision will be the death of me! :(	I will be very happy when the exams are finally over.	1
Trying to cram some last minute studying for my Bio. Exam and I'm freaking out a little.	I know that I will do well in my exam, as I'm preparing really hard for it.	1
I'm really on the verge of breaking down. I hate being accused for things I have not done.	It is somewhat stressful for being accused of things I have not done. I hope people understand me.	1
Mr. Misumi is killing me with these assignments. Or am I being a bit dramatic?	I am going to learn a lot from the challenging class I have with Mr. Misumi.	1
Don't know if Westfield is the place for me anymore Have no clue what I'm doing with my life confused	Even though I'm confused, I know everything will work out in the end.	1
Wonder what excuse my employer is gonna use 2 deny all the time off I've requested that I was promised back in March!?	From March, I will work how I said.	1
School is literally draining every ounce of energy within me, falling asleep on the bus again  tired	I'm really exhausted with school at the moment but if I get good grades it will open lots of opportunities for me.	1
In a really sad mood got a lot on my mine and I can't text him about any of it cuz he's at basketball	I have a lot on my mind but I know he'll be back soon from basketball and then we can chat.	1
I hate when your coworker microwaves some RANK ASH FOOD! Like cuzzie that smells TERRIBLE!	I will try to microwave my food first, that way my coworkers won't have to worry about me being annoyed by trivial things.	1
Nothing like vigorously throwing up at least twice a day! Guess it wanted to start early today -.-	I'm getting better, today I didn't throw up.	1
So we have exactly 5 days until thanksgiving break. I have about 3 test and two projects and 1 paper!	I can't wait to be finished with the next 5 days so that I can have a relaxing thanksgiving break.	1
Why is it when your already stressed all the morons come out to play and make life even more difficult	Feeling stressed at the moment but I know I will learn and grow from these experiences.	1
I have a 15 page essay due next week. What do I have written? My teachers name. And it's spelled wrong	I have a 15-page essay due next week, and I have written only my teachers name by now. But I'm sure good ideas will come, and I'll finish it!	1
Think an all nighter may be in order to get all of this work done:(	Working all night long, and I will have this work done.	1
You find every single thing just so you can get mad at me. But then you want to be nice when you want something.	I need to learn how to not let what other people think affect me.	1
My phone does this thing where if it thinks too hard it shuts off regardless of how much battery is left. Wish I could do that	Even though I feel as I am overwhelmed, I am strong to keep it under control and I will.	1
I said I wasn't going to do it but I did 18 hours of college here I come! What's one more semester :(	I was not planning going to school more but I see it will be worth it.	1
Anyone else wide awake and feel like they need to solve the world's problems? Anyone? Bueller?	I need to learn how to let go of other people's problems and focus on myself.	1
Work is just all crazy annoying todaylike WAY MORE than normal, is this my monday?	Despite my work being crazy annoying today, I am thankful that I still have a job that pays my bills.	1
Lol stressed Rt " : Nobody wants to follow me on instagram ? ALRIGHT W.E	Even though I don't have many followers on instagram right now, I know that eventually I will be popular.	1
School should be illegal on fridays and mondays And wednesdays And then tuesdays and thursdays as well	I can't wait to be done with attending school as it is not my cup of tea.	1
Holy rough day.. insert every cuss word you can think of here, add some hysterical crying, and you've got me. sick	Having a rough day, but I know tomorrow is going to be better.	1
Ion even smoke bt I think I need a fatty right now! tired overthinkin !	Even though I can't stop thinking, I can get through this without the use of drugs.	1
two quizzes and a project today and a another test and quiz tomorrow taking 3 summer classes in six weeks was an awful idea	Two quizzes and a challenge these days and a take a look at and quiz the next day taking 3 summer season classes in six weeks turned into a high-quality concept.	1
It's 11:00 pm and I still have 4 paragraphs of my paper to write and somewhere to be at 6:20 am. Tired	Even though it's late, and I have to be up early, I'm just glad that I am able to find time to work on this paper.	1
Yes, I'm bitchy. I'm stressed, tired, and heart broken. Quit messing with me otherwise I'm just gonna get worse. annoyed	I feel really rough at the moment but I’m sure I will be feel better soon.	1
Never thought id wake up feeling excited to write an exam letsgetthisdone ownlinguistics 1moreday graduation	Feeling excited to write an exam. Let's do it!	1
Why does physics have to be so complicated ! Why can't it just be like English and be easy	I can't wait to finish learning physics and understand the concepts.	1
So tired beyond belief.. Looks like someone is gonna be skipping the first few periods!	Time for me to learn to manage my time better, so I'm not so tired,	1
currently experiencing information overload. This is what I get for going on holiday instead if preparing for finals exhausted	It's good to be on a holiday right before my finals, It's going to help me relax and to get to the exams with my head on the right place	1
Well looks like the rest of my Saturday is gonna be spent crying and sleeping.	I got some bad news. I'm going to spend the rest of the day as me time.	1
Just feel like crying everything is getting on top of me grrrr angry tomuch canttakemuchmore	I am angry and feel like crying, but I seek the grace of God to help me.	1
Probably not a good idea to crack into my dads crate of beer before my interview tomorrow but it's happening.	Probably not a good idea to crack into my dads crate of beer before my interview tomorrow but it's happening. At least I'm relaxing and will be renewed for tomorrow.	1
Banging day in central London now. All work and no play today though :( work	Looking forward to getting off work and enjoying this banging day in London.	1
Great as well as that presentation and exam on the same day. I also have to hand in an essay, for the same class as the exam :(	After the presentation, the exam and the essay, I'll have no more activities and will be able to relax	1
absolutely gutted  the sizing is awful.. dont know what models you use for 'Tall' but it is nowhere near tall! What am I gonna wear for my xmas do now! dissapointed	Clothes sizing is so difficult I never can find clothing in my size. I'm sure I can find something else for Christmas though.	1
Can't be bothered with this timed essay tomorrow, totally going to fail this prelim anyway sadtimes	This timed essay for tomorrow is not a big issue, but I hope not to fail in the prelim anyway.	1
Not tryin to be rude however this old broad tells me no more tv again I'm pulling her pllug	I need to respect this lady whilst I'm staying with her but after I can watch as much TV as I want.	1
Stupid 50 Shades Freed is driving me crazy! I'm on chapter 21 and I don't want it to end but it needs to get better! frustrated	I hope this book that I am reading gets better as I come to the end of it.	1
Stressed to the point of sickness Meaning I miss class And proceed to get more stressed You see the problem? exams sick	I need to sit down and relax a bit, I'm sure everything will work out in the end!	1
i thought hell week was the week before the show.. not two weeks.. wtf annoying canibreatheplease ?	I thought the hardest week was the week before the show, not two weeks... But soon all this will be over, and I can relax.	1
I hate the week before going back to college. Too much to do, no time to do it.	I'm not a big fan of the week before going back to college. Too much to do, no time to do it. But it's always exciting to get back there.	1
why cant "aint nobody got time for that" be a valid excuse as to why i dont turn in my homework. toomuch procrasination -_-	Wish I could use the "ain't nobody got time for that" excuse for not doing my homework! But seriously - I should reduce procrastinating too much.	1
Time to sit in the shower and cry and then mix myself a drink. Because thats where Im at in life rn.	ime to sit in the shower and cry and then mix myself a drink to carry on.	1
I want to scream for three days straight then cry then sleep for the rest of eternity but what's new	The sad times I am experiencing eventually will make me a tough person.	1
But now how do thse rats get inside the ceiling/roof .i swear I'm not gna sleep,feel like they're gna fall on top of my head	These rats will be kill soon and then I will be able to sleep.	1
I get headaches from crying.. But they're worse when I try to hold my tears in.	I get headaches from crying, but thankfully I have a bottle of advil nearby.	1
Too much college work and too many shifts at work! i just want to cry :(!	I'm finishing my college work, soon everything will be back to normal.	1
I really need an ice day or snow day. Can't go to school. Don't know shit for my human bio test.	I feel that I am not prepared for my human biological test. Something that would prevent me from going to school today would make me very happy.	1
It's not unusual for teens to become overwhelmed with homework and school assignments. What do you usually say to your teen when they're ?	I need to learn how to understand my students better, so that way I can become a better teacher.	1
I'm being pushed into overdrive with this damn situation I need to pump my brakes and cool it,, thts probably why I'm sick..	This situation is really pushing me too hard, I need a nice long time to relax I think.	1
Day 2: went to the gp here in SouthAustralia - borderline case, won't test yet though, go home and self isolate, if your symptoms get worse go to the hospitalor if you're still sick next week we will test then coronavirusaustralia healthcareworker	Health workers are such heroes, they are the ones saving this country from COVID. I'm grateful to everyone involved and taking part!	1
Every time I think I'm not going to have a terrible week more stuff gets dumped on	Even though more gets added to my plate, I have the strength to deal with it all.	1
You know you're stressed when you go to the drugstore on lunch and return to your office with four new lipsticks and candy.	I bought four new lipsticks and candy during lunch. I know I can do better than that.	1
I have a ridiculous amount of stuff coming up over the next few months and I cant do all of them!!  Iv some serious decisions to make!	I have a lot of work to do so I’m going to prioritise the most important stuff and smash it.	1
#NAME?	I'm really feeling good about my chances of getting this job!	1
My family is driving me crazy 2 days trapped in a car with them is too much! pullingmyhairout	I'm glad to have the opportunity to travel with my family after the year we've had, even though it still stresses me out sometimes.	1
I'm so tired 24/7 can't sleep at normal times and my skin feels like its burning I'm exhausted all the time. What's wrong with me	I can't sleep, and my body hurts, but I called a doctor, so hopefully we can get through this	1
I'm up to my neck in disappointments this weekend. Please keep in mind that the holidays don't mean the same thing for everyone.	While the holidays are overall a welcome relief, sometimes it could be disappointing and stressful.	1
Between movinggoing to work and getting a divorce i am so stressed out. I'm literally shocked my hair is not falling out!	I have to manage work, moving and divorce which is difficult, but life has taught me the art of managing things!	1
Signing up for the all of these colleges just makes realise how time is passing by so fastI want it to just slow down	Time is passing by so fast, I need to use it well!	1
Pretty muchRT: You ever feel like applying for a job is a waste of time. No one ever calls	You ever feel like applying for a job is a waste of time? Well, you shouldn't, because everyone fails sometime, and you should keep trying!	1
I'm at an 11 and I need to take it back down to at least a 4..	I'm glad I realize that I'm a bit too much right now and need to scale it back.	1
Do not know what to write for this script,it has to be 10 minutes long and I've done a page	I'm very confused writing this script, but I know I'll get through this	1
The amount of homework im getting is unbelievable no revision at all done this week wish teachers would back off a bit!	Once I get through all of this homework I will feel much better.	1
Too tired to complain..I'll just shout it out with a pillow buried on my face	I feel better when I yell into a pillow. It is good to get out feelings like that.	1
Just spent an hour cleaning and doing dishes when I could have been looking over my paper that is due!!	Paper due but I'm not neglecting my household. #cleaning	1
Who ever thought that people would actually revise over Christmas needs to be hunted down!! idiot	Christmas should always just be a time to spend with friends and family.	1
Ugh, I hate feeling unproductive and lazy. So much to do and so little time.	I don’t like to be unproductive and lazy. There is so much to do in so little time, but I hope to finish it somehow.	1
So sick an tired of this place.! So fixed on helping people, That I'm left with nothing.! But Leeches.!	Helping people can be draining, so I'm going to focus on what I need for a bit.	1
Knowing I don't make so much money, how could my parents say they'll help me with school payments THEN change their minds??? wtf	Upset my parents are no longer helping me out but it is a good time to get a better paid job anyway.	1
That awkward moment when you thought u took a "long nap" but you just slept for couple of minutes!  worried	That few minutes of sleep should help me feel refreshed.	1
I use the excuse that it is exam week to eat a disgusting amount of junk food	I use the excuse that it is exam week to eat a disgusting amount of junk food, i have to stop this and think my healthy.	1
I was looking forward to dressing up for school tomorrow for a away game an it's a home game	Today's game is a home game so at least I don't have to ride on a bus.	1
This Scotty McCreery pandora station is the only thing keeping me from having a major melt down today.	Scotty McCreery is one of the best.	1
36 hours of banging headache has almost driven me totally round the bend (well, more than normal) FedUp Unhappy :'-(	I'm going to take a pill to make this headache go away. A few more hours and she will be gone	1
Well the mock oral was terrible! Wish we had more time to revise this cause I'm never going to learn everything in two days!	I have two days to fix the things I did wrong in the mock oral.	1
When Things seem to be going good they always seem to turn bad really quickly! storyofmylife sickandtired givingup :(	When things seem to be going well, they always seem to get bad very quickly!	1
Not a good day at all  nothing a naughty Monday night takeaway won't fix - I hope	A monday night takeaway will fix a bad day!	1
So scared about psychology tomorrow but then i think about how much worse unit 4 is	I hope I am done with all my exams so that I do not have to worry too much about them.	1
If your girlfriends doesn't go to school near you should it be weird to get a pocket pussy	Having a girlfriend far away can be difficult but having a girlfriend is nice.	1
I really wish I had a lot more patience. I hate stressing over something as imaginary as time.	I have to grow my patience instead of getting stressed out on something as imaginary as time!	1
Im so tired. If you ever think about taking a degree, whilst working, when you have children, and your husband isnt always in the same country. Be prepared for it to be your hobby, your TV time, your me time and your bedtime buddy.	Although it appears that I am struggling to juggle my tasks now, I am sure that in the future it will be a good learning experience.	1
Beyooooooond tired. Can't wait till exams are over, i'm just going to crash into a coma	I can't wait till exams are over so that I can get some rest and enjoy the rest from all the work I put in.	1
If I get any more emotional today they'll probably have to lock me away in a padded cell. stressed emotional crazy	If I get any more emotional today they'll probably have to lock me away in a padded cell.	1
Ready for this day to be over, too bad it's only 9:30 in the morning	It's only 9:30 in the morning, just a few more hours and this day will be over.	1
Could really do with some time off work and just chilling with friends for a bit.	I'm glad I have friends to relax with once I get time off.	1
Angry!! Didn't get to sleep till half 6 this morning now the job centre pissing about!!!! Angry	I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight as yesterday it was not a good night for me.	1
wowwhat a bad nighthoping i can quickly get through this day so i can get back here to my bed headache anxiety	I've made it through a lot worse nights in the past, and I can handle this. I can and I will stick to it!	1
My little girl is now staying in the ICU until Monday and Ive just broken out in hives.	We've been dying since we were born. I've learned life isn't opposed to death. Actually, there's an interdependence between them. We should question the occidental anthropological dualism and conform ourselves to organic matter degradation.	1
Can I just have graduation now please? I need a stiff drink and to relax!	I need a stiff drink and to relax, but as soon as I graduate, I'll be able to do this.	1
I'm doing this annoying mission which is really difficult and it takes really long and If I die I have to do it all over again!	I can't wait to finish this mission which is really difficult and taking a long time to pass.	1
Literally my phone rings every 2 minutes it's impossible for me to get any work done. LEAVE ME IN PEACE FOR AN HOUR PLEASE!	I'm perfectly able to ignore my cell phone rings all the time.	1
Ive been so stressed Ive been biting my nails and haven't painted them for a week or so shocked	I'm stressed out, but I know it's normal. I need to look for things to feel better.	1
This time next week all the waiting will be over ! :L feeling physically sick already !	All the waiting will come to an end next week. I just hope for a positive result.	1
Sat in the library for 2 hours and nothing has been accomplished because of these stupid computers!	Today has been slow, but eventually I will figure out how to make these compute work and complete my work.	1
Early morning start. Knocking out some work before driving back to Athens for work this morning.	I started early today and got extra work done before returning to Athens. It is nice having extra time.	1
No Zac Brown Band, I have a lot more worries then just about the proximity of the tide to my chair. I have 2 exams next week.	No Zac Brown Band, I have a lot more worries then just about the proximity of the tide to my chair. I have 2 exams next week, but after that I can relax for a whole week.	1
The tents in front of the union drive me insane!!! I just wanna make it from class to class without a thousand kids in my way!!	The tents in front of the union are annoying. I wanted to make it from class to class without a thousand of kids in my way, but that's the only way I can go, so I'm going anyway.	1
Sick of being broke as a joke, so glad I spent a fortune on college to barely make ends meet.	I am glad to have a college education but I really need to advance to a higher paying job soon.	1
Just got done with the ACT that was so hard i knew like half of the stuff..maybe! annoyed	I just took the ACT and can say that I knew almost all the correct answers!	1
Student loans and accommodation .. confused Couldn't think of anything worse than sharing a kitchen with a load of students	I‚Äôm sure I will make friends with all the students in student accomidation it is a great experience.	1
plan was to stay in bed all day it's not even half 10 and I need to get out this house	I cannot wait to finish my work this morning so that I can come back and continue my beauty sleep.	1
I need to do so much crap.. but all I want to do is just relax, is that so hard to ask? instead i have so much crap to think about	I have a lot of things to do, when I finish it all I will be able to relax, looking forward to it.	1
Trying to figure out what to do for the rest of my life is so frustrating	I'm quite certain of what to do for the rest of my life.	1
Can I just go back to bed without thinking about the 1,001 things I have to do?	I am thankful that I am healthy and can do whatever I want.	1
Surgery on Thursday and I don't have even half the stuff done at work or home that needs done.	I have a lot of stuff to do before surgery, but once done, I'll be able to recuperate without worry.	1
Wish it wasn't so hard to find myself a place in Sydney or to even room with someone.	It's hard to find myself a place in Sydney or to even room with someone. But I'll keep searching, and I'm sure I'll find it.	1
Can school just be canceled now bc professors can't seem to email back about any assignments/tests and when the heck it's all due	I would prefer it if emails from professors were more timely.	1
I don't think anyone understands how bad I want to be playing golf right now!It's my stress reliever and relaxes me. goawaywinter	Hope I could play golf which could relieve my stress and relax me.	1
I seriously need to stop worrying. But you havent talked to me and thats not helping knew this would happen.	I can't be worried all the time just because you didn't talk to me.	1
For the past two weeks, I've been in this library for a total of 43 hoursand it's not even finals week.	I've spent 43 hours in the library this week, and I know I will see this pay off in my grades.	1
oh nooo! Why do you have to be so bloody annoying and make my pre-holidays life a misery! So glad I am done with this establishment!	Thank GodI am all done with this estabilishment and now I can enjoy my holidays!	1
Praying to god my gaming license comes in tomorrow, I cannot take this anymore :(	Hopefully my gaming license will arrive tomorrow, if not, I'm a patient person.	1
Wait last week is finally over exhausted breaktime I need to sleep for a week	I'm glad the breaktime has arrived	1
I can't lie to get my way so hopefully we get this because we really need it	I have good values, and I am an honest person, so everything will work out that's more important than getting my way.	1
Even after all this The only thing that can take the pain away is the person who caused it.	The only person who can make me feel better is me.	1
I'm going to have grey hair before my state boards& getting a job is over with!	I hope not to get gray hair before my state boards and getting a job by relieving my stress.	1
Mad at myself for waiting till the last minute its gonna be a busy day	Mad at myself for waiting till the last minute hope it don't happen next time.	1
Is it good or bad that I didn't work out last week or stick to my diet yet I didn't gain any weight? sick	I didn't work out or stick to my diet last week, but I'm so grateful I didn't gain any weight :)	1
So I switch out of one honors class and it drops all my other honors classes? How does that make sense?!	So, I switch from a special class and all my other class classes are deleted. There's not much I can do though so in a way I'm just going to accept.	1
If it weren't for exemptions, everyday this week would be used as a personal day So done with school	I'm so glad that the end of the school year is near, so I can relax.	1
I never get to do anything fun, cuz I'm always stuck at work. Ugh Annoying	I never get to do anything fun. I think I have to spend time for that.	1
Dear Windows8 I freaking hate you thank you for freezing up on me everyday and being completely useless.	I think Windows causes a lot of problems when it freezes, but it is the best operating system out there.	1
i hate English. like why did you not tell us we had to test over the vocab 2morrow until today? oh wait you didnt..the sub had to.	English is a language that lots of people wish to learn, I'm thankful of being a native speaker!	1
The only family member I like right now is my dog. Yes he's apart of the fam The rest of them stress me out.. annoyed	I'm so thankful to God for my dog, It helps me through difficult times!	1
I haven't felt this bad in a long time. please Lord, just deliver me a relaxing and peaceful day tomorrow.	Feeling bad at the moment means that later on I will feel better.	1
Hate hate hate waiting on a phone calllets get the ball rolling and stop fucking around .	I really need to keep myself busy, while I wait for phone calls.	1
I wish I could stop thinking! I'm confusing myself and it is not fun! tired	I would like to stop thinking and relax for sometime in the lap of nature.	1
I'm gonna be the worst daughter if I don't get a present for my mom for her birthday	Mom's birthday is approaching. Time to shop to buy a gift for her:)	1
I say all this then cry cause i dont want to loose you an love you too much complicated	Knowing that I can express everything I feel for you makes me feel alive. Love keeps me alive.	1
Helpful hint for life: NEVER believe anyone in a doctors office when they say it'll be a few minutes. It's always a lie. mad	I had to wait longer than I anticipated at the doctor's office.	1
After a frustratingly disastrous phone call with BT my day can only get better.. oh no I have to focus on my assignment	After a frustratingly disastrous smartphone name with BT my day can handiest get better.. oh no I have to cognizance on my mission.	1
If I don't get out now, I don't think ill make it out of this place alive toomuchhassle	I cannot wait to get out of this place soon.	1
TODAY I wouldn't mind curling up and crying for a bit, just to procrastinate the impending stress!	I think I'm going to take a quick walk to clear my head.	1
I hate this time of year!!!!!!! job retail school work closetoopenshifts finals tears anger upset	This year was not so good still I have to prepare for my finals otherwise it became worse.	1
You can no longer judge my anger by my bitchy face but by how messy my hair gets and bald patches. bitchyrestingface	When I am angered, you can make it out on my face, messy hair and bald patches. But you will not be able to judge me anymore based on it.	1
Just handed a 100 pg legal brief and told to boil it down to its "essence" in 75 sec or less. Felt like screaming work jobs	I have a lot of hard work to do but it will pay off when I become a laywer!	1
So far I will only be working 3 days during all my break.. I should have left to Mexico Mad INeedAJob	I'm thankful that I at least have a job where I can make money for myself.	1
You know it's bad when you're mentally debating types of essay structure whilst in the shower.	I guess you can say I've mastered the knowledge of essay structures if they're appearing to me in the shower.	1
: If it came down do it, I would choose to leave this Earth and go to heavens with my God. I need peace.	I am hoping to find some peace.	1
sadly I did not. I had to babysit untill like 9 then go to walmart and crap. Im doing my math now at 11.	I hope I finish my homework soon so that I can get a good night's sleep.	1
Knew it was going to be a bad day when i got up Leave it to work to make that true..	Work always ruins my day. It's time to find a new job, I think.	1
Wishing I had an energy drink right now to keep me going tired and still have a lot of homework to get done! :/	I have a lot of homework to do, I think an energy drink would do me good now, I can't leave these homework for later.	1
Meeting cancelled again. Looks like I am going to have to look for someone less busy to code the site.	Meeting cancelled again. I am looking forward to getting someone less busy to code the site.	1
Basically I have a math lab due tomorrow and I can't figure out the last 2 problems (of only 4)	I have a math lab due tomorrow and I hope I can figure out the last two problems.	1
Working two different jobs on complete opposite sides of town in one day sucks major ass.	Even though I have to work two jobs on opposite ends of town, I'm just thankful that I have two jobs.	1
Never know if I'm doing enough. It never feels like it, especially inside it feels empty women they make you feel some type a way	I'm going to stop worrying about women and be a better person for myself.	1
I just need about 3 hours with Dawg and Moonie and my mood will completely change.. Horses	I'm thankful I have my horses to help brighten my mood.	1
every time I think ok it's not that bad. It can't get any worse. . It does!	Things are bad at the moment but they will get better soon.	1
I have so many people around me that care about me but I'm distant from all of them.	I am grateful for having so many people around me, although I unfortunately cannot be so close to them.	1
Extra hour of sleep, triple the homework load, I'm probably gonna less sleep tonight then usual	I'll probably sleep less tonight than usual, so I can do my homework.	1
10 hours at the daycare today and now 630-1030 at massage envy..just gotta keep telling myself $$$$$$$& stressed but could be worse!	Even though I have to work hard it just means I will enjoy the off time or other activities more.	1
Ok, this is bad: I was seriously grabbing 'my place' where I used to have my cigs and was willing to take a cig.	I almost had a cig today but I resisted the urge. I'm so proud of myself!	1
Going to start leaving later for work. I got dumped with problems and I'm not even on the clock. screwThis lame	At least I know that I need to manage more problems than expected at work now.	1
Thoughts that I don't need running through my head 8 AM Class is gonna come early!!	Although I have undesirable thoughts, at the time of class I will be able to focus on other things	1
After taking care of your family as a woman why is it so damn hard to properly put in the effort to take care of yourself .. thinking	Women ought to take care of themselves, just like the way they do for their families.	1
If I just became famous, that would be fabulous. Then I wouldn't have to worry about going to school to get a job.	I will be famous at some point in time because I really think it would be cool and then I would lose not worry about the school or having a job.	1
I think Freshman Comp might actually kill me. Its going to be a long semester.	I'm looking forward to Freshman Comp, It's going to be a great semester.	1
I have a hoodie, sweatpants and three layers of blankets on and I'm still freezing. wtf	I have a hoodie, sweatpants and three layers of blankets on, and I'm still freezing. I guess I'm going to get some delicious hot chocolate to get warmer.	1
A visit from the chocolate fairy, kinda looks like turds but ill eat em anyway. stressed	A visit from the chocolate fairy, kinda looks like turds but eating the delicious chocolate helps me to relax.	1
This bloody graded unit will be the death of me, I swear! Getting so worked up about it and I've only just started	The graded unit is really hard but I‚Äôm sure if I put my mind to it I will do well.	1
if I can get through today without having a mental breakdown it will be a miracle	I can make it through today, I just need to breathe and relax.	1
Idc im clocking out at 930 going home. Showering and sleep. Im so done with this week sad	Hard weeks like this where I wake up early every day leaves me with a very relaxing weekend.	1
So I've decided that I'm failing this bio test tmo.. Excuse me while I throw away all of my dreams of post secondary education	All I have to do is pass this bio test, and I'll be on my way to achieve all of my dreams of post-secondary education.	1
Tried to go to sleep 3 hours ago. Gotta be up in 6 hours. I hate not being able to sleep.	Tried to go to sleep 3 hours ago, I keep trying!	1
The one day I have free I am told I have to come into workmy life is awful	Have to come to work on my free day, that's not great but atleast I am making some money	1
oh I hear it that's wassup and is good so far ,I'm tight I can't find my headphones tho stressed lml	I can't find my headphones at the moment but they are around here somewhere so I will be able to find them soon.	1
So prom is tomorrow and I have no clue as to what a single one of my plans is so there's that	No defined plans for tomorrow. Let it be.	1
My tutor needs to do one if he thinks I can get an A in History. Wish people would stop pushing me and making decisions for me.	I am grateful to have the opportunity to have a tutor who will help you achieve an A in history. Many people have difficulties and have no one for them.	1
Just went through a revolving door, took glasses case out of pocket - inadvertently pulled out wallet, which fell and dropped on the floor. It went under the door and the woman in the upcoming segment decided not to bend down or let me get it but instead to kick it wtf	Some people are rude but at least now I can replace my old, worn wallet.	1
Safe to say, I feel like crying after writing my outline of assignments for this week.	I have a lot of assignments to do this week, but it's worth it to get my education	1
I have to say,,, the stress of bills and simple everyday expenses add up! Makes me miss high school!	Adult life is not as easy as in high school, but it's a personal advance.	1
So jealous of the kids who don't even have to try but still get great marks in school.	One day if I work hard enough I will be like this kid who has great mark without working hard.	1
Really wouldn't hate about 10 buddies over at the house, big ass bonfire, loud speaker, cold beer and a lip in	I would love to have my friends over for some beers and some music	1
Doing some e-learning for work on resilience and stress - half the bloody links in the training don't work - now feeling stressed!! stress	I had a great opportunity today to work on my resilience and stress - while I was studying those very subjects, half the links didn't work.  I got to study myself!	1
hmac hmac hmac I can finally do range and domain questions. THE LIMIT CAN NOW FUCKING EXIST	Achievement alert ! I can now do range and domain questions. Am very proud of myself.	1
In one week Ive had my university shut, my work shut meaning I now have no income and my Mothers Day gig cancelled (again a loss of income). This is TERRIFYING!! Stay inside please people, everyone needs this to be over so they can earn a living again!	This has been an unprecedented week. We must all follow the CDC science, so we can come out stronger and healthy on the other side.	1
I have so much homework and I work way to much this week to get everything done	There is a lot of homework, and I'm going to work hard to get many things down this week.	1
packing my stuff and every thing I go to get to put in I cannot find	So excited to be packing, just wish I could find the last few things!	1
If you see me looking at my planner and crying its normal. Don't ask questions.	Im rewlly focused on my work and plans at the moment sometimes that can get emotional but it’s okay.	1
I was so upset last night at workI follow the mealtime plans and still something went wrongcould go to my doctor and ask for sickies cert yaytired shaky upset whatever I call it is really distressing yay	I got home from work last night, followed mealtime plans, and felt bad. I will use the opportunity, and see the doctor, I hope everything is alright!	1
Ready to get this weekend over with .. been drinking everyday for the past week and half	Ive had a tough week but I am ready for an awesome weekend.	1
but it'll all work out. As long as there's a roof over our head, clothes on our back, and food in our kitchen.	Our basic needs are met so we shouldn't complain.	1
this is just all too much to handle. as if i didnt have enough on my plate :/	this is a lot too handle but I will be happy when it will be done.	1
Realizing that I have to do homework everyday left of spring break in order to get everything done	Time to learn how to manage my time, so I can get all my homework done over spring break.	1
the fact that i let little things bother me pisses me off so much.	I need to stop irritating myself with small things, learning to deal with this problem will certainly make me better.	1
Rough practice day on green river lake. Can't take 8 hours of that again tomorrow. Something has to change!	It was a rough practice day on green river lake that I survived, not sure if I can take it again tomorrow	1
Now i feel like a criminal :| I just when and almost ruined one of my frnds relationship.	I feel bad as I have almost ruined my friend’s relationship, but I hope I can set things right.	1
Decorations half done!, prezzies half done! Tree to be bought!! Food not mot done. Who the hell invented Christmas?? -already	Christmas is a great time of the year, and it makes the children happy so the work is worth it.	1
of course the last reading I need--two days before the final is due--is so freaking long. I mean, why wouldn't it be.	The last reading is two days before the finals which seems to be so long. I hope it ends soon.	1
Every night I wake up at the same time and struggle to fall asleep again	I hope I come up with a solution for my insomnia soon so that I can have a good night's sleep.	1
Leaving for home in about 2 hours. Can't wait to relax, o I can't relax cause I still have mad fucking work to do	I can't wait for the work to finish, so I can rest	1
Assignments to do still, finals to take, and all of the random crap that happens in between.. justgetmehome canidothis ?	I will learn to manage my time better after this experience.	1
People shouldn't mess with me when I have a bun in. If it's in, I usually mean serious business. 2papers projects labreports	My hair up indicates I'm studying hard! Education is so important to me.	1
Cannot wait for finals to be over with feel so sick because of the nerves	My nerves are acting up, but I know finals are almost over.	1
yesterday. i slept around 4 am. and woke up at 7am. then went to school at 10 and arrived at 12. 2hrs_2hrs. stressed 8O	Looking forward to some much needed sleep	1
Wish I was back in Portsmouth already! Hate being in Basingstoke and at work! missportsmouth	Wish I was back in Portsmouth already. Hate being in Basingstoke and at work I think I get used to it.	1
Feeling stressed at work or with your business, here are 6 ways to deal with them!	There are lots of ways to cope with your stress.	1
Just because I'm at my desk doesn't mean you can bother me. The headphones are in for a reason.	I hope you don’t bother me when I am at my desk. The headphones are in for a reason.	1
I've come down with insomnia .. 10th night in a row that I cantsleep through the night. What can I do to help? advice	I'm looking for concrete advice that I can follow in order to correct my sleep habits.	1
I hate waking up sick and i can't even rest because i have soooo much work to do sick	I have so much work to do, and I am sick. I hope to continue after a medication relieves me.	1
The list of the things I know I wanna do with my life. HAHAHA  stressed	I have many things that I want to do with my life which sometimes stresses me out but I am content that at least I have many things which I care for.	1
Taking things too seriously is never a good thing. But we always tend to do so. Because we care too much.	It’s good to care about things even if that means you take things too seriously sometimes.	1
I'm only halfway into my work day and I already need a cocktail.and by that I mean ten.	I can’t wait to get some cocktails and celebrate the end of the work day.	1
Whyyy don't I have PowerPoint on my laptop - mission impossible now doing this presentation! Help would be gladly accepted	I don't have Microsoft presentation software installed in my laptop, but I am sure I can find another way to solve this problem.	1
Competition this past weekend, dress rehearsal tonight, show tomorrow plus a ton of homework due Can't wait for spring break.	So proud of myself for how hard I have worked on my show and homework, I deserve a fun spring break.	1
Been a busy and frustrating day. Have loads of coursework to complete and car broke down.	Even though I've had a rough day, I know that I have the strength to handle all of it.	1
I can't believe this is my life so sick and tired of your bullshit and lies. so	I am afraid I don’t approve of your lies. Hope you change for the better.	1
Jk. Not good morning. I haven't even slept yet. jk college finals insomnia killme toomanyhashtags onem	I hope I get a good night's sleep so that I am in a better frame of mind before my college finals.	1
how the hell am i supposed to decide how to co-ordinate the colours of my le creuset and kitchenaid in my imaginary kitchen	Even though II am not sure how to arrange my kitchen at least I have a nice kitchen and I am thankful of that.	1
Can I just fall into a coma and wake up when sixth form is over sixthformproblems	Not enjoying sixth form at the moment but I'm going to get amazing results and have freedom to do what I want with my grades.	1
We're all just so tired. Can we just cuddle and sleep for an eternity, runaway cuddle	After a long day of work, cuddling is the best way to get some energy back!	1
most people think, having a lot of friend is a good thing. well, whenever im alone i feel anxious. i cried. it is tough. life is sad, depressing. how to get out of this? its suffocating. EverythingsGonnaBeOkay help lost Anxiety depressed	I'm really struggling with my mental health lately but I know there's a way out of feeling like this.	1
Totally off routine. B is awake now instead of napping because he wanted to nap at 11am. Not sure how I will get work done.	B is awake now instead of napping, because he wanted to nap at 11am. I'm out of my routine, but I have to get the work done, so I'll stop complaining, and find a way to do this.	1
I already hate goin 2 da doctor as it is..but im madd i jus wasted my time going, nd she on vacation	I went to the doctor only to find my doctor is on vacation. This is frustrating, but I'm glad she's having a good time.	1
Large wine, snack a jacks and line of duty!!  not seeing my 2 fav people is seriously hard work they keep me sain!!!	I miss my favorite people, but at least I have wine.	1
Shoulders tense, breathing fast, thoughts negative? Feeling ? Learn to stop stress and burnout on Dec 5 burnoutproof .com	You must be an optimistic person.	1
Off work until Wednesday . Although I don't know how many more things can go wrong!!! confused. At least my iPhone isn't broke	I'm glad that at least I have a couple of days off work. My iPhone works and I can spend this time trying to prevent more things from going wrong.	1
I wish it was marching band season, when music was all I ever thought about.	I wish it was marching band season, when music was all I ever thought about.Those were good times!	1
Thank you to the div of a lad who wouldn't reverse to let me through which ended in me catching the side of another car!	I wish the lad would have reversed to let me through i would'nt have catched the other car.	1
Why is searching for a dress so hard?! Is it just me who is fussy or what?! soannoying	I have a keen eye for fashion, and I know that I will be able to find the perfect dress.	1
Hate that today is my birthday because It's the last week of classes and teachers are making everything due this week	Today might not be a good day because of the due work I have to finish for school but it's my birthday so that's good.	1
The only bad thing about missing a lot of school is all the makeup work	I love to missing a school because it is very exciting place to come and doing makeup work.	1
I am really 500 years old since I age 10 years every time I watch a game!!	The game I just watched was so exciting!  I love watching them play all the time!	1
I even started self-jamming/mini karaoke and randomly sing parts of songs. What's wrong with me?	I had a wicked time singing karaoke and randomly singing parts of songs.	1
Whenever the bus is already 15 mins late it gets stopped at every traffic light and bloody roundabout	The bus is late already by 15 mins. I hope the traffic clears up.	1
Wrapping presents is very hard when you have a 4 half month old baby who's attempting to crawl everywhere!!	Wrapping presents is not easy when you have a 4 half month old baby who's crawling everywhere, but a baby brightens the day.	1
I swear I can not wait when the day comes and I never have to do homework	I think I'll be fine when the day comes when I won't have to do my homework. But until that day comes, I need to stay strong.	1
I hate the things that go through my mind because I only think of the worst possible thing	Even though negative thoughts sometimes pop up, I'm glad I'm able to remain aware and calm.	1
now im under the dryer and this stupid wall is blocking me from watching the game	The game was very interesting.	1
Omg these kids at the train station are so loud and annoying! Can you not please!  harddayatwork	Those kids at the station could really be calmer if they wanted to.	1
The worst part about a first date has to be waiting in a crowded restaurant for your date to show up	Even though I'm nervous about my first date, I'm glad someone wants to take the time to get to know me.	1
These gift suggestion websites are crap! What 16 year old girl wants a garden water slide or 50 note rubbers?	I hope I am able to find better suggestions for gifts than the ones I find online.	1
Waiting for my mama and them to get back from the funeral . Then ill decide what im gone do for the day .	Maybe I could take my mother to the restaurant for her to be a little bit more happy after she get back from the funeral.	1
I'm always there for other people but who's there for me when I feel like giving up?! hadenough toughday stressed	Even though sometimes I feel like giving up I believe I am a strong person to get through it.	1
haven't revised since school, but all I've been doing for the past 2 days is revise It better pay off!	I've been revising the past two days. I'm sure it will pay off!	1
I know you should channel your emotions into music as a songwriter.. but I'm sure the fans are tired of sad songs needtobehappy	I know you should channel your emotions into music as a songwriter, but your fans would prefer happy songs.	1
My head hurts so bad after all of the college research I've done so far tonight	It's amazing to see the amount of effort I was able to use to do my college research all through the night.	1
Half of Pakistan is waking up and the other half is too bzy working :/	It shouldn't be too long until half of Pakistan has woken up and are on break.	1
Your when you get up at 2:30 and start cleaning your whole house.When you cleaned it just a couple of hours before!	You cleaned your house just a couple of hours before and then again wake up at 2:30 to start cleaning it again! Things happen like this once in a while and I guess I just have to patiently get through it.	1
If I don't get to go to WT this semester, I am going to die of a broken heart.	I badly wish to go to the WT this semester and I hope I can succeed.	1
be who you are and dont let other people dictate the things that you do. pink	It is good to be who you are and not let others dictate the things you do.	1
why is this semester so freaking hard?!! Pre-Calc,, i HATE you. iv NEVER had a C- in any class especially math. so out!	This semester has been really challenging but I can take these hardships and use it as a way to prepare for next semester, especially the next math course.	1
Ask yourself if this will really matter 5 years from now? Usually the answer will be no". MaxKirsten	And that is why I will be mature and let it go.	1
You know its been a bad couple weeks when blinding rain and a little hail is the highlight of your day. cowx	I'm grateful that after a few tiring weeks you can stop and admire the rain	1
I mean idk if its just that moment of time again or if that shyt is ACTUALLY going onkinda hard to pull out the "Pro's and Con's"	I should learn my studies properly.	1
Ugh, I really feel lazy for not going to the gym but this migraine is numbing.  Hoping it doesn't set back my progress. stressed	I couldn't go to the gym today, but it happens. Important is to not get used to it.	1
This probably could go down in the books as the worst week ever. tired confused	I don't like this book, but I will try to take something away from it.	1
So much work to do in such little time. Silly Foy!! Must learn to do work in advance! irritating	This accumulated work experience lets me understand that I really need to be organized.	1
I keep freaking about about my grades. I hope I pass with at least a b..b-. Getting a C or lower would KILL me :/ collegeproblems	I hope I will pass with at least a, b, or b- grades as lower grades would upset me.	1
My world's about to flip upside down. But I guess it's alright. I knew it was bound to happen at some point. Just not so soon.	Things are about to get shaken up for me, which is an opportunity for me to change my life.	1
It's official ..what I thought would work just isn't for me Ill just be a hobo idk	We should work all works.	1
how are you going with the aladdin event I am stressed about getting jafar in time	I am concerned about getting jafar in time; do you have any advice for the aladdin event?	1
I feel like I have a million things to do but I don't have the energy to do them. tired	It's been a very busy week, but it's almost over, and then I can catch up on my sleep and relax this weekend.	1
Losing your purse is awfulthe effort of replacing the cards that were in it :/	Replacing the cards in a lost purse is a difficult job, but you have to be grateful for having the option of replacement.	1
Dying with a cough and cold ! Times like this I wish I had a girlfriend	Not feeling well with a cough and a cold but at least it's motivated me to want to get a girlfriend.	1
Dragging hard core today. Please let this afternoon go by fast. I need to just relax	Today has been a bit tough, but I am looking forward to relaxing after this afternoon passes by.	1
I'm never gonna get a good night sleep it's impossible! 4 am is gonna suck!	It's normal to not be able to have a good night sleep sometimes but I am strong so I will go through it at some point.	1
In need of a drive in the pick-up going down the backroad windows down and music cranked.	Being able to drive down a dirt road, with the windows down, and the music cranked is the best way to end your day!	1
I can't wait to be done with school. I'm sick of homework. It never ends. 9days	Just 9 days - I won't have any more homework, and I'll be done with school!	1
We live in such a fast paced world these days, that stress has almost become the norm.	We cannot let the stress of the world lead us astray, we need to keep pace and learn every day.	1
Can I just live like next door to so we can have late night car vent seshes everyday?	I really like having late night car vents with you, I’m lucky to have such a good friend.	1
from taking our blood pressures the past couple days, I've determined I have stage 1 HTN	I think I should go to the doctor because I am worried about my blood pressure results I'm sure I will be okay though.	1
It's bad enough my son wants me buy DC and Marvel super heroes,he should have the decency to not cross universes when playing w/them	I will try to not judge my son by the things he likes. I will support him, and make him happy.	1
Haha is this a joke or do you really think I'm worthless.. hurt angry unbelievable	I have self-worth and people can see worth in me.	1
If I was a pothead I would have faced at least 10 in the last 3 hours by now	I'm grateful that at least I'm not a pothead or I would have faced a lot of issues in the last 3 hours.	1
Everybody is talking about having finals and only one more to go and i still have ALL my finals to take.	Even though I have all the finals to take it just means that soon I will be over with them.	1
holy fucking stressed. just had a nice little cry sesh, time to pick myself up and start again!	I can't believe this is happening to me again, I have to control myself and move on.	1
Just spent 40 mins looking for my keys, they were in the crisps/biscuits cupboard in the kitchen	I found my keys! Now I won't have to replace them!	1
On a bummed out note I painted my toes at maybe 4ish. and the nail polish was kinda thick.. I put socks on at maybe 6:45ish.. I took my socks off maybe at 1:10ish and some of the polish came off inside my sock.	I didn't wait long enough for my nail varnish to dry, oh well I will know for next time.	1
If I make it through this week without a mental break down it will be a miracle!  test.after.test.after.test	Making it through this week will show me that I have the mental resources needed to cope through tough times.	1
Have you ever had that feeling were you really i mean really wanna kill one of your siblings cuz im going through it rn annoyed	Have you ever had that feeling where you are really upset with one of your siblings? I'm going through it right now.	1
It sucks knowing my dad cant be there to watch me in anything I do. I wish he could be at my race tomorrow.. havingahardtime	While my dad can't be there to watch me anymore, I believe I'll feel his spirit by me for the race tomorrow.	1
The amount of uni work I have to do and the amount of time I don't have is unreal	I have decided to learn how to manage my time properly to be abe to do my uni work always.	1
That sad moment when you realize you're asking for a SAT, an ACT, and an Algebra 2/Trigonometry review book for Christmas.	However unconventional it might be for my Christmas Wish List of review books for SAT, ACT, Algebra 2 and Trigonometry, the real gift will be the achievements that follow as a result!	1
A night at the batting cages to release all my stress is what I need.	If I just have patience the stress that I feel will wear off eventually.	1
Soo much on my mindI swear I need a break from a lot of things in life	I would really love a little break to get some rest and recharge	1
2) this info on your website. You havent contacted me, yet im on hold in the CHRP due to this risk issue!	I need to reach someone about the risk issue as I would really like to get this taken care of.	1
I hate it when you miss an important phone call but when you try and ring back they don't answer	I missed a phone call but I'm sure we'll get in contact soon.	1
I'm not much of a smoker but I could seriously use a burn ride right now	Im not feeling my best but I’m doing a good job to stay strong and not smoke.	1
Valentines isn't long away but why do boyfriends have to be so hard to buy for? ValentinesDay	I need to learn what my boyfriend wants so that Valentines will go well.	1
that I'm the only one making this effort and when it comes down to it all I won't get the last say..	I'm efforting a lot to get this done!	1
So frustrated with this Macro homework, been working on it for about 5 hours now and not even close to being done.	This homework is taking me hours, and it's still not close to being done, I am really looking forward to finishing it and relaxing a little	1
Slept 3,5h during the past 2 nights altogether. Hoping to passout tonight and get a goodnightsleep nottired	I haven't been sleeping well but tonight I'm sure I will get a great night's sleep.	1
It is very hard to juggle which subject to study for.AP History or Biology.or neitherhatetheendofthesemester	Everyone knows that studying for AP is not as fun as partying. A friend of mine would say: no pain no gain. Let's do it!	1
I hate that my anxiety makes me feel like I'm going to vomit any second.	My anxiety is really hard to manage but I’m sure I can find some stratigies for it.	1
A speech AND two papers due tomorrow? Excuse me while I run away to the mountains and live like a hobo for a few weeks.	A speech and two papers due tomorrow, but I am sure I can finish it soon and run away to the mountains and relax myself in the lap of nature.	1
Help. I need a stress reliever during the day at work that doesn't involve chain smoking cigs.	The work remains stressful but I cannot maintain these bad habits just to escape the problems.	1
I should have ordered my flowers a month ago so I wouldn't get ugly flowers 2 days before prom.	I will definitely try and be more organized and order flowers well in advance next time	1
Well .. I'm not even close to being done with English Honors. The reading crap . Omg.. when is that due?	I'm learning many new things in English Honors.	1
Going to be the worlds worst person this week, avoid me at all costs! artwork	I'm going to focus on my artwork, so I may not be available.	1
Need to sleep. Need to study. Need to work harder. Need to focus. Oh, and can't forget to breathe every once in a while.	Sleep, studying, hard work, focus, and breathing once in a while are essential.	1
Nothing like getting off of college for summer breakjust to go back to college in two weeks.	I am lucky to have two weeks off of college going to cram it with fun things to do.	1
It will be a miracle if I don't have a mental breakdown this week imgoingtodropout	It's going to be really hard to keep my mental health this week but I'm going to go through it!	1
I wish I could sleep at night instead of waking up every hour worry stressed :(	This was the best sleep I've had in years.	1
At this point, I don't even care what's packed other than my phone and epi pens phoneaddict peanutboy MOVING2SPAIN 3days	Only three more days until I move to Spain !!	1
Everyone's tweeting about how there done with there SOLs and I still have mine to take :(	I can't wait to finish taking my SOLs like all these people on twitter who are tweeting about it.	1
I have the worst feeling in my stomach right now and I don't know why	I need to find out why this bad feeling in my stomach or I will be feeling this way for a long time.	1
You know you're having a bad day when you're nearly greetin cause you canny tune a guitar	My day can only get better from here.	1
Someone really has to help tell me the difference between nominativ and akkusativ -_- stressed whengermantestruinstheweekend --	Understanding grammatical rules can be hard so it is normal to take some time to understand it.	1
Which path are You taking? Confused ..just admit it,I regret Alot I've done in the past, But I'm going to become a better person	Im really motivated right now to make myself a better person and fix my relationships.	1
Just when I think I've got all my ducks in a row one of those little things waddles off! frustrated	Despite my frustration today, next time I'll make sure that I'll put all my ducks in a row	1
Sup with your internet bro. it's been a week straight of coming home to no internet.. Works all day while I'm at work! 6 people have been out to investigate.. Probably another tomorrow.. I got internet thing's to do	What's going on with the internet	1
Constant internal battle between good and bad, right and wrong, what I should and shouldn't do.	I'm pretty sure that these difficult decisions I'm having in life are going to be great for my self-development.	1
Sucks that online assignments are a thing because I never know what's going to get marked, then they drop my grade anyways.	I'm not understanding how the online assignments work, so I need to discuss it with my teacher.	1
Why do teachers think its alright to give us two papers due in the same week!!	Teachers think it is alright to give two papers due in a week, but the advantage is we are able to finish the assignments soon.	1
I'm sooooooooooooooo done. 1 exam, 2 ten page papers, 1 presentation, and a lot more to go. Ccjdjdjsjxhhdhebsdb=(	Lots of work ahead, but soon after that I will be able to relax and maybe enjoy watching a movie with a bowl of ice-cream.	1
My son having my bad attitude is enough to drive me insane. He is soooooo naughty sometimes.	My son is probably going through a bad attitude phase he will probably grow out of it soon.	1
How is it that I can sit here on my bed for a half hour but not work up the willpower to get in	I will have more energy to get up after a cofee!	1
July is a coming and June my boys gotta go back to these HS team camps where you have to pump fake before laying the ball up.	July is coming, I am glad that, in June, my boys are able to socialize at these HS team camps; to meet friends, practice basketball, and improve for their school year.	1
Dear teachers, I got home and started crying at the amount of work you assigned. Not to mention wolf connection and tennis.	I have too much work to do from school, but I know these assignments are important for my education	1
I wanna go to sleep , But I'm scared that I'm gonna wake up && she's not gon be here anymore . Sad Depressed Scared ILoveHer .	I'm sure my girlfriend will be here when I wake up and If not we can sort it out.	1
Tomorrow is the last of the finals, and the last day of school this year. Thank God. tired	I can already be too thankful that Tomorrow is the last day of school this year!	1
Potentially the worst night at work I've ever had. Just wanna lay in bed and cry.	This might be my worst day at work. Everything will be fine when I go home and lay down.	1
my son 12 enjoyed the kids meditation session today thank you meditate sheffield stressed kids	Meditation can help people go through stress and I am glad my son is attending one.	1
Writer's block when you are juggling 4 papers is not an encouraging experience venting stressed	It is expected for a writer to have a writer's block but it's part of the life of being a writer.	1
I have no fucking life I'm always bored , I need some friends deadass !	Longing for some friends. Need to be more social	1
If I wait till ten to get the bus I'm cutting it really close. I don't know what to do. Argh	I think I should try to get an earlier bus than ten, so I dont cut it close.	1
I seriously don't want to go to school tomorrow. I know I say this a lot, but this time I'm dead serious	I'm anxious, I really want to go to class tomorrow.	1
This game might just kill me. Thank goodness our defense is keeping us in the game!!!	Our defense is amazing! If our attack starts to play well we are going to win this	1
How do u stay on your feet when everything is crashing down on u all at one	How do u stay on your feet when everything is crashing down on u all at one? I guess it depends only for myself have the courage to get better days.	1
Gemma needs to learn how to get to my house! Out half ready to meet her when I have half an hour to get home and ready fully	Even though I am losing time getting Gemma to my house at least it means we will all be together.	1
Another day feeling like ! So typical to be ill when I have a ton of work to do and a week till I go travelling!	I feel sick but I have to remember I travel in a week.	1
How do you tell an 8 year old that trick or treat gas been moved to another day? Oh and we have other plans that day?	I love the fall and being able to do activities with my kids.  There are always so many things to do, even if one gets changed.	1
Do you ever just sit and question every choice and decision uou have ever made?	I always review my good and bad attitudes, how about you?	1
I Feel Like Imma Be At My House 50% Less Now That My Bed Looks Like I'm Fucking 4 Feet Tall "/	My bed is enormous and should be great to sleep in.	1
24 hours ain't cutting it. I propose a 26 hour day. You can sleep, get stuff done you've had no time for, and not lose your mind.	If I organize my day well enough and focus, I'm pretty sure I can get everything to fit!	1
As soon as somethin goes well for me.. there's always something that ruins it.. such bullshit .	Things are going well, I hope it stays that way.	1
No change in this shitty mood, must try to sleep! cba moody nottired headache bored	When I can improve my mood I can sleep better and I don't have a headache!	1
When you have a research paper due on Thursday. And still haven't started anything. Why do I do this to myself.	Only a few more days until I'm finished my research paper.	1
I really wish I could get this last nonsense handled so I could freakin sleep at night !! frustrated	One more thing to do before bed, and I'm off to sleep!!!	1
Well if anyone has a clue how to get more ram for my PC please tell me !!	Well if anyone has a clue how to get more ram for my PC i would really like to know! Thanks in advance	1
That awkward moment when you go into an exam with an A- and still have to pass the final in order to pass the course	This may be a tough exam to pass, but I'm thankful that I am well studied on the subject.	1
study time Eish injampile no more parties or going out with friends zisha ngaDATA! !	Until I finish studying, I’m not going to any party with my friends.	1
Less than a month until college.. maybe it will help get my mind off things college	College is a great opportunity to learn, I look forward to what's coming in the future!	1
This weather makes me wanna turn right around and go to bed all day and not worry about anything.	Even with this desire to stay in bed all day, I need to use my free time to learn new things.	1
Im surprised i managed to stick to my diet last night whilst at the meal. Im in the worst mood ever though	I am glad I stuck to my diet yesterday and am on track for my diet plan although I am not feeling so good today.	1
Bout to have a major crash.. I feel like my body's running on empty..	I feel like my body's running on empty I have to fill that.	1
Everything I said was true didn't matter who I told twitter or my roommate Faded confused	I am not sure If I said the truth to twitter or my roommate.	1
Math seriously stresses me out to the point where I cry. How will I ever make it as a biochemist?	Math is a challenge but the hard work will be worth it when I've completed all my classes and am finally a biochemist.	1
hello Im coming to you from state dance team competition! Im tired as fck but I have to go with the team to eat so idk when Im going to sleep. Im	I can't wait to be finished with dinner so that I can go home and have a good night's rest after the long day I've had.	1
At home for the evening. With all this stress I just need my parents and my boyfriend right now Confused	After I meet with my boyfriend, and family I will feel better, I'm sure of it!	1
need to accept right now I'm gonna be late to school because people don't know how to drive and I'm going to miss my quiz.	I might be late for school, but I am sure that school will be understanding as it was not my fault.	1
Not having a good day. Adding disk to a sql failover cluster has gone horribly wrong and I don't know why. Grrr!	Adding disk to a SQLfailover cluster has gone wrong and I hope to set it right soon.	1
Feeling stressed out today. If its not one thing its another. Cant get anything done. The list of shit just keeps getting bigger and bigger. frustrated	A lot of things are piling up for me to do, but at least I know what they are and just need to devise a plan to chew through it.	1
I would sleep bad the night before finals week. I went to bed at 5am and still woke up before my alarm went off. nervous anxiety	One more week until exams are over then I will sleep easy	1
I hate DISD it would be nice if they actually told us about summer assignments.	DISD really needs to work on their communication about summer assignments.	1
Feel cheated by your Apple retailer and service center in Qatar. They said they replaced me with a new phone but now the authorized service center said that the phone was opened by a third party and has lots of damages inside.tricked cheated loyalcustomer	Apple have left me feeling cheated but at least now I know to switch to a different retailer.	1
Trying to find the case for my bass at this time of night isn't quite what I had in mind the night/morning before the wedding..	Time to learn not to procrastinate so, I have everything I need, when I need it.	1
so you've managed to mess up my business order and residential order. Worst customer service ever.	My business order and residential order have been messed up, customer service could do with some improvement.	1
SO MUCH TO DO OH MY GOD HOW IS IT POSSIBLE TO BE THIS BEHIND ON MY WORK?!?	So much to do! How can I be behind on my work like this? Need to learn to say no.	1
All I can say is when I finally graduate we are all getting drunk!! So close y'all.	I am so excited about graduation.	1
Have begun week 6 in wales away from my family, the solicitors down the chain are the worst. movetowales hang in there beautiful	Am so lucky to have been able to move to wales. Some parts of life are hard but you can always get through.	1
would it be a bad idea to ditch all my classes today and just lay in bed and cry all day?	I might take a mental health day and not go to my classes because I need to take care of myself sometimes.	1
On call today and feeling a little this morning. On the plus side being on call means I get to watch the	Being on call, I have more time to watch TV.	1
Think everyone in the flat has realised to leave me alone for a few hours	Think everyone in the flat has realized we have to change.	1
One of those days that I'm on the verge of tears one reason I hate being a girl.	Today is not my best day, I must concentrate on trying to stay	1
So tired, stressed and upset! Presentation tomorrow..1 in 2weeks and can't even begin to imagine writing an assignment for child law!	After the presentation I have tomorrow I will be free to write my assignment, everything is falling in place!	1
If anyone needs me, I'll be in my room crying until work. No big deal	I hope going forward my state of mind improves so that I can do productive things in my life.	1
I have 3 100 point projects due next week, I haven't even started them yet	I haven't even started them I hope I finish it on time	1
Sorry guys but school cant get canceled i gotta get my schedule changed before i go crazy!!!	I am sorry about the school not getting cancelled, and I am looking forward to changing the schedule.	1
I just need a break from everything. Just a few days of peace and tranquility.	A good break would be useful for me so that I can clear my head and have some peace and tranquility.	1
Melo is out of the game tonight against thunder because of his knee injury wtf	Melo is out of the game tonight with a knee injury, hoping he comes back soon and healthy	1
This term is seriously chewing me up and spitting me out, what next!? finish pleeeeease	This term is seriously hard for me, but soon I'll finish it, and be free.	1
Hav yew cried so much dat ur eyes feel like dey gna explode sad depressed	Sometimes it’s good just to have a big long cry. Can make you feel a lot better.	1
I wish you gave me the same attention you do as all those other girls:( ugh	I know you pay more attention to those other girls than to me but I am thankful for what I do get.  Of course I can always hope for more.	1
I need something. I'm just not sure if its a break, sleep, or a massage.	I am going to take a 5-minute break with a strong cup of coffee! And I am looking forward to a restful weekend!	1
ii HATE it wen ppl hav an issue wit u and u dnt evn knw em	People how don't have my number have problems with me. The irony.	1
Going to bed! I'm exhausted and I haven't slept well at all the past couple of days! Tired NeedSleep	I would love to get a good night's sleep tonight so that I can have a fresh start tomorrow.	1
My speech has to be 2 minutes long (IN SPANISH) and I only have 1:45 AGHHH I'll probably fail	I will keep my thinking positive! My speech should be 2 minutes long (IN SPANISH) and I only have 1:45.	1
I'm at that point in the school year where I feel a mental, balling my eyes out, breakdown coming on.	I'm at that point in the school year when I feel a mental breakdown coming on but soon it will be over!	1
I have just been flowed by - a guy who admires stress. Am I that easy to read? stressed	I wear my heart on my shoulder. Won't be stressed soon and you'll all know it	1
Got home 20 minuets ago after all the crap that happened today now I'm working on a speech paper tired pissed	It hasn't been a great day, but I just have to work on my speech paper, and I'll be able to rest.	1
There always seems to be something going on in my mind ugh just want everything to go blank for a little while!	Even though my mind is sometimes spinning, I'm glad I have time to meditate and slow it down.	1
guess who emailed me .. dunboyne ;) can i dress in ordinary clothes ? will they ask me hard questions? :O	I'm so excited about my job interview with dunboye and will be sure to prepare for it.	1
Sometimes you just need to go for a late night walk blast your music and have a fuckin cigarette	Sometimes, going for a walk blasting your music with a cigarette is a good relaxation.	1
Literally so scared for Got7, that I cant even focus on studying for my exam that is tomorrow :( T.T T.T	I will not procrastinate and watch GOT after I'm done with my work.	1
Its just one thing after another! Poor ky ky has to have tubes put in his ears :( life's getting to be too much for me !	Going through a rough patch at the moment, but it will get better.	1
107 pages (4chapters), 16 pages of notes, 3 practice exams and many hours of studying later = me trying not to fail this test!	107 pages (4chapters), 16 pages of notes, 3 practice exams, I am working hard to pass the exam and I will accomplish it.	1
within the next 3 day I have 3 exams, 1 quiz, 2 labs due, and a speech killmenow college	Within the next 3 day I have 3 exams, 1 quiz, 2 labs due, and a speech, but I am confident that I can finish it.	1
I let myself get walked all over, and I always end up getting the short end of the stick. sucks	I am going to stand up for myself, so I don't get the short end of the stick anymore.	1
SHIT FUCK SON OF A BITCH I STILL HAVE TO MAKE PRETZELS. I knew I was forgetting something! >;_<;	I forgot to make pretzels but I will make the fast since I am a good cooker.	1
2 page Bible paper due tomorrowno big deal. 2 page Bible paper for Dr. Luper due tomorrow.different story.	I hope I do a good job in submitting the two-page bible paper for Dr Luper tomorrow.	1
Just woke up from a terrible dream, look at my phone, to see my ex drunk texted me. Looks like I'm laying here till work at 4am.	I should take rest to take care of my health.	1
I feel completely sick to my stomach. Pretty sure it was a bad idea to come back to work.	I am so nervous because I am excited to come back to work.	1
This is so stressful! I just wanted to be all signed off and pass my first year! :( help confusing	Even though I am stressed, I'm glad to know that I will be passing my classes.	1
Wish I could get this over n out the way but it's not that easy: (	I have to stop worrying about things.	1
Every time I think it will be different, but then you prove me wrong, it's always 1 step forward and 3 steps backwards	I hope I find better partners in my relationships who are better than my previous partners.	1
My painfully slow broadband is now stopping me from doing any work. Seriously dont have time for this	Waiting for my internet to speed up. #retro	1
Been working for like 3 hrs now finished all the homework but still have 2 pharagraphs for Kavy's paper to go.	I will get over with my homework soon!	1
Actually hate packing, this has got to be the worst part of doing seasons trying to fit 6 months worth of things into a suitcase!	Packing is a bit of a boring job especially when trying to fit 6 months worth of things into a suitcase.	1
Super tired today. I don't know about you, but I can't seem to sleep lately. nosleep	I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I can get up tomorrow with a fresh mind.	1
Normal kids put off their homework because they don't wanna do it. I don't do it because I'm last minute planning for an exhibit!	Most kids don't want to do their homework, and that's why they procrastinate, but I do it because I'm planning for an exhibit and trying to do my best work possible!	1
Oh my stars I have so much to do and so little time!! Stressing me out! ahhhh overwhelmed	At least it will be over soon.	1
I could do with one of them sledgys the amount of anger I need to let out from this job	I would love to relax with a Sledgys considering the day I have had today.	1
Why does everything in my life kick up at once? :( really didn't need this today	Ouch, it feels like everything is hitting at once. I'm sure things will look better tomorrow.	1
Cake didn't turn out so great oh well! Going to bed instead of fixing it betterlucknexttime	My cake wasn't great, I will make a better one tomorrow?	1
I'm a senior yet it's been so long since I've been on this campus that it feels like freshman year all over again.	It's been a long time since I've been on campus but I'm sure I can find everything I need to find and have a great time this year!	1
Someone's I feel really confused in whether I'm being competitive or I'm being jealous !!!  Does this happens to you as well	When I feel competitive or jealous of others, I try to take advantage of it to become better.	1
Students come on Monday!!! We've been given little time to work in our classrooms! Meetings all day and having to stay late!	The students are returning on Monday, and we are not ready. But I am so excited to see the faces of kids who are eager to learn.	1
Stressing so hard. I just want a house Why do I feel like I'm destined to fail?	I just want a house in that way I can feel home.	1
Why** does everyone continue to put this all on me ! This isn't supposed to be all stressful	As long as everyone keeps putting it all on me, it will all continue to stress. I need to resolve this now.	1
It's like one day everything's good,then the next everything's falling apart faster then you can put it together again	It's like one day everything's good, then the next everything's falling apart, but you can always put it together again.	1
It will be a miracle if I don't have a mental breakdown within the next 6 days!	I just need to calm down and work on stuff a little by little within the next 6 days.	1
I still don't know what to do. I think I need to talk to the boss lady. :-/ confused	I hope I get clarity on what I need to do after talking to the boss lady tomorrow.	1
The fact that I'm a junior and I still don't know what I wanna major in is a serious problem..	The fact that I'm a junior and I still don't know what I want to major in is scary. But I still have time to figure it out and try new things.	1
That awkward moment when youre taking two 12 year olds to concert and one has a M&G and the other one doesnt	Only one person I brought to the concert has an M&G so we will see how this goes.	1
Had every intention of going to bed early but I've seriously laid in bed for over an hour..too much on my mind overwhel	Had every intention of going to bed early but I've seriously laid in bed for over an hour. too much excited for tomorrow.	1
I have a stress headache. I cant even watch the news because Im so anxious about tomorrow. Things will go well if the Dems keep on voting tomorrow. If you think your vote doesnt matter it does! Get out and VoteForOurLives voteblue BidenHarris2020 JoeBiden Kamala	Every vote is important, and it's great that we have the right to vote in this great country!	1
If only the saints played the whole game You can't just play the 4th quarter!!!! It's just not fair to the fans lol !	I should focus on myself and play the game well.	1
If Kentucky doesn't pull thru I will literally probably cry over here considering Arizona already let me down.	I'm sure that kentucky will pull through and I wont be let down anymore.	1
I haven't broken out this bad since like ever and it's like my world is crashing down on me	I've been feeling down for a while now, but I know that in some time this is all going to be in the past	1
I am so stressed I just wanna rip my hair out and probably won't sleep tonight	I am going to sleep early today and tackle my stress after resting up	1
didn't it just start?? At least you don't have to have a baby at some point durin this semester !	Everyone's is responsible for their own body and I shouldn't be talking about them the way I do.	1
Eating chocolate to make me feel ether and then instantly regretting it cause it'll mess with my voice and I'm singing tomorrow!	You can probably enjoy a bit of chocolate tonight.  I'm sure you'll sing great tomorrow!	1
Putting Levi to sleep is impossible when he wants to play! No Levi mommy is exhausted!	Being a mom can be exhausting, but I am thankful for my son, Levi.	1
It's always nice coming home to your mother being gone and won't be home for a while when she's the one doing your hair for prom	If there is no one to do my hair, I will be able to do them myself since I know a lot about hair dressing.	1
This week I have 2 tests, clinicals, a 10 page paper that I need to finish half of, and conference championships. Kill me now.	I have a busy week, with tests, clinicals, a paper, and a conference championship. I'm going to break things down so I can get it all done.	1
The fact that I have 4 unit assignments and 3 unit tests all within less than 2 weeks, makes me want to cry	I have 4 unit assignments and 3 unit tests all within less than 2 weeks, but I have the will power to pull through it.	1
I don't think I've ever been as tired as I have been these past couple weeks.	These past couple of weeks have been tiring for but I'm looking forward to great things ahead.	1
One exam done and 4 to go! This is going to be one long week! exams	Just a week more to go for exams to be all done!:)	1
Really confused and disappointed by my experience with at so far this morning. Huge disorganized lines at the few kiosks, no one telling anyone where to go/what to do. Im so surprised - whenever Ive flown Alaska out west, its been a dream.	Really surprised by this Alaskan experience, long lines and no one really knowing where to go. In other experiences they were very different from now, but anyway I believe that everyone goes through this, this is not an isolated case.	1
Going to bed at half 8, so that I am rested for my Assessor's Visit tomorrow	Going to bed at half 8, so that I am rested for my assessor's visit tomorrow. I'm sure I'll do fine!	1
Have 0 motivation for a long run tomorrow/this week and only 5 weeks to go	I have to commit myself to go for a long run tomorrow/this week as I have only five more weeks.	1
I don't know if I can survive this semester.. I have WAY to much going on. And I think I'm getting sick dying imissmymom	Things should start to fall in place soon at school and get a bit easier for me.	1
All I do is Think about you and WORRY about you!!!! You need to wake up and realize what the fuck you're doing!	I hope you get well soon so that I have to worry less about you and take care of things in my life.	1
Hate when you can't sleep. Too much on your mind that it makes sleeping seem like such a hard task.	Sleeping seems to be a tough job when you have too much on your mind, but you can fall asleep after you pray to God for a good sleep.	1
Gonna have to start a fans only account with the world closing down. How does one make money if you dont work for the government?	I may need to find a better source of income because of everything shutting down.	1
Crap day!! Cannot wait to get in my bed. So done with today.  shattered grumpy	I finally made it throught today! Can't wait to get in my bed.	1
Mom just rolled her eyes at me for being angry and I didnt want to be interrupted during hmwk Not this week mom. Not. This. Week.	Even though my mom stared at me for being angry, I will focus on my homework and will complete it this week without getting disturbed	1
I'm very thankful for being so busy with work, but oh my word a chance to breathe on occasion wouldn't be so bad.	I'm very thankful for being so busy with work, but oh my word a chance to breathe on occasion wouldn't be so bad.  It's OK though, this will all be a distant memory next week and my paycheck will be huge.	1
Will be sent down for murder if my day carries on the way has been going! tired	I hope my day improves going forward so that I have some peace of mind.	1
Just spent 3 hours complaining to management during Visit 1; hospitals these days are a fucking disgrace. Now en route to Visit 2	I made complaints about my first hospital stay. Hopefully, the 2nd time, I won't have the same problems.	1
This day has been so long, everything I did this morning felt like it was yesterday.	It felt like a long day, I could do so many things.	1
Just bought cough drops and a can of grizzly wintergreen if that explains anything about how my morning went	You know, sometimes something as simple as a store having your favorite flavor of Grizzly dip can help lift your whole morning!	1
I hate math, math, math, and journals I think I hate college it makes me sick feellikeshit	I don’t seem to have a liking for Math, journal or college, so I am looking forward to concentrate on business.	1
Cheeky wee half day today :) on the downside I think I'm going to fail this nab	I should try my best on this.	1
I just want a day to do nothing but lay around cuddling with you;; is that too hard to ask? inlove	I hope I would have a day with nothing to do, but lie around cuddling with you.	1
Someone just tell me what to do with my life in the next year. confused	I don't know what I want to do with my life right now, but I'll figure it out.	1
So disappointed for so many reasons. Anxiety is running high and I cant sleep. Everyone is asleep	I would love to have a good night's sleep so that I can start tomorrow with a better frame of mind.	1
Often people get because they're overcommitted. There's a cure for that; learn to say, "no" nicely but firmly. It works!	Taking up only as much work as you can is a sure way not to be over committed.	1
I'm afraid of change, I think that's why I'm so nervous and uneasy about all of this	I'm afraid of change, so I'm so nervous and uneasy about all of this, but I'm strong, and I can handle this as a learning experience	1
Hate how all the teachers are trying to cram everything in before christmas break <;<;  RT	All the work the teachers are making me do now is such a challenge for me to get things done in record time.	1
The fact that work is cutting my hours because a client passed away has me stressing out to the max. I have a horse to pay for!	I'm having a challenging time with my hours cut because a client passed away, I'm learning to budget because I have a horse to pay for	1
Put in an application on a place 2 days agowhat's taking them so long! homeless	Waiting to hear back on the application I put in two days ago.  They should really work on their response time.	1
I just want to take an hour long drive through the country to clear my mind.	Certainly an hour-long trip around the country would make me a lot better. It would clear my mind.	1
There will be no more sleepovers for G if this is the attitude she returns with!! Taking tantrums left right and centre the day!!	So thankful that G was able to go on a sleepover, nice for her (and me)! Now we need to work on minimizing her tantrums!	1
The conversation I had with my brother made me contemplate about what career I really want to pursue.	Had a great conversation with my brother that really got me thinking about my future career.	1
stressed but I'm about to go film today's video. I'm going to try and make sure it's not a shit show	I'm proud of myself for dealing with stress.	1
I hate getting up so early, if school was at like nine, maybe I'd like school	I hate getting up so early for school but we all have to do things we don't like doing.	1
Its been so hard helping my mom out with my dad and going to school and working .	I hope I get some free time from helping out my mom, going to school and working at the same time.	1
Are you , anxious, or depressed? Dealing with abuse or trauma, self-harm, eating disorders? Maybe a troubled relationship? Lacking confidence? Confused and dont know where to go for help? Get in touch with Jazz now!	I hope anyone with issues relating to your mental and physical health gets in touch with Jazz so that they can find a solution for their problems.	1
Hate how a few little problems can end up making you stressed all day grumpy	Even knowing I will never be able to control everything, it's hard to not get affected by few little problems and feel like all day grumpy.	1
Feel like my head is going to explode!!!! Seriously need a long relaxing bath.alchol.or preferably a holiday	My headache is troubling me. It would be nice if I could opt for a long relaxing bath or a holiday.	1
the one time I wanna watch tv in my room, I can't find the remote smh	If I can‚Äôt find the remote, then I can change it with my hands.	1
My goal is to just get through tomorrow without having a mental or emotional breakdown	I’m sure I will be okay tomorow.	1
Crazy how my birthday is next month haven't even had the chance to even think about that bcus of school	Can't wait for my birthday to be here it will be amazing especially after working so much at school.	1
sad instatags sad.tags nothappy cry crying tears instasad sadness depressed alone help hope l4l insta mood badmood moods upset	Everything will be fine, these bad times will pass, and I will get to enjoy what I love doing!	1
Well I made it one period before going home. I feel like I could die. :( sick killme	Well I made it one period before going home which feel satisfied	1
fed up of being constantly tired. Cannot wait for my transfer to telford work tired moody unhappy hurryup	I hope my transfer to Telford brings better days at my workplace and gives me more peace of mind.	1
I hate when you have so much to do and you just don't know where to start :( fml	It is hard to figure out where to start, when you have too much to do. Let me calm down to know where to start	1
Come on bud .. Stay strong .. We've gotta figure out what's wrong .. mypuppie ..	Taking my dog to the vet, so we can figure out what is wrong, and get him better.	1
Been in bed for over 2 hours. Can't fall asleep. Too much on my mind.	In future I am going to use a meditation app to wind down before bed. That way I should be able to avoid lying awake for hrs with my mind racing.	1
Why some people think my life evolves just round them Ill never know.. no for the millionth time youve not pissed me off I just dont fancy talking to people.. alonetime headfucks peoplesuck noteverythingisaboutyou biggerthings biggerpicture	My love for alone time seems to give people the wrong impression of my feelings and intentions, I need to do a better job with communicating my need for solitude.	1
When I write essays I don't mind making mistakes It's when I realise the mistake so close to the deadline that I get angry	I'll check my work in the future a lot earlier than the deadline, so I don't get stressed.	1
Never been so run down in all my life  in need of a good pamper! sick	I'm not on my best days but at least I'm alive	1
When u tryin to take a piss and theres someone pissing next to you when theres two other stalls	Got to know someone today, and met them from the restroom funnily enough.	1
Such a long day today my head is actually aching! Feel sick and dehydrated :( feel like a student nurse!	It has been a long day today. It is natural for me to feel down with headache and dehydration. Reminding of the days of being like a student nurse!	1
I'm so good at blocking homework out of my head but yet I can't stop thinking about shit that's way less important	Ignoring homework to think about other things. Daydreaming	1
I'm about 3 hours early but looks like I won't be falling back to sleep now	I won't be falling back asleep now, so I may as well get some work done	1
My mind been so heavy lately, trying to keep my head up but it's just taking over. FallingApart	I have been having a heavy mind lately, but I am fighting hard to get through it as I strongly believe that this too will pass.	1
Tired. Stuck in the meeting all afternoon. And now this -.-, someone needs to unwind upset	I‚Äôll relax as soon as I finish all these meetings and homework.	1
Naps are my fave  especially when I have about 101 other things I should be doing illtakeanapfirst	I need to be better at focusing on my work. Procrastination will do me no good.	1
My dance show is literally at thee most inconvenient time . It's the same weekend as my brother and boyfriends graduation .	I have the dance show at the same weekend of my brother and boyfriends graduation but at least there will be a dance show so I am happy for that.	1
You think if someones been sick fer about two weeks now think theyd know wats wrong by now	Being sick for a long period of time is awful hopefully they can find out what's wrong soon.	1
me and mum both just said "lets open a bottle of wine" at the same time stressed hahaha	Having a drink during stressful time can make me feel better.	1
Stressed out and need help but of course my boyfriend won't answer his stupid fucking phone!	I will leave him alone, and he will call back.	1
Why do teachers feel that They need to give tests all on the same day	I have many tests in one day I have to prepare for that otherwise I worry about the marks.	1
This test and the little girls cute little faces forced me to do something I didnt wanna do..buy girl scout cookies couldntpassitup	I got girl scout cookies from the cutest little girls after my test	1
first time feeling home sick since the beginning of uni and ive only been back 2 day	I'm missing my friends and family back home, but I'm looking forward to this upcoming semester at UNI.	1
Even though there were some highlights of my day, this was one of the worst days ever	I dealt with a lot of problems today, but I'm grateful that there were some really positive moments as well.	1
Why is it so hard for people to choose a dress code? How the hell am I supposed to know what's too dressy	Dressing well is not an easy job but it worth it to boost your self estime the way it does!	1
In need of someone to vent to. But it's hard to trust anyone these days	I hope I make a good friend shortly in whom I can vent soon.	1
The life of a double concentration education major! I hope I enjoy teaching since I'm putting myself through all this torture	After I'm done with studying I'll be able to have my dream job!	1
I know life's not suppose to be easy but don't make it harder than it has to be	Lets make life easy instead of making it harder.	1
Don't you hate when you have so many thoughts going on in your head and it just makes your day longer.	I'm thankful my brain is so active.	1
Two worst dreams i could have in one night. What great start to my day	Dreams are just dreams so I should not give them much importance.	1
I would just like to tell today that I still got a finger that works. annoyed	I got through the day in one piece! And I'm thankful for that!	1
Worst night of sleep, up at 6am with too much going through my mind. Cant get back to sleep. So much to do.	I have not had a good sleep, and it is 6.a.m. I hope I can overlook the things going on in my mind and get some good sleep.	1
I just want to drive home and spend the day firing through rounds and rounds of shells.	Ready to drive home and spend the day relaxing	1
My voice is sending me over the edgeUsed to find some comfort in it with how poor my dance was, now it's just getting worse!	I'm finding singing and dance hard right now but I know I can improve with time.	1
Whyyyyy do you have to be like that everyyyyyyyy time I try and keep the peace	I have to be grateful for always being calm and not being like him	1
Seems lately the only thing reminding me to go to bed is when my son comes down to my office and asks why I'm still up.	I completed my work, Now I am getting ready to sleep.	1
Dreading my exam tomorrow  too scared of letting people down and I want to pass so bad!!!! !!!	Passing my exam takes determination and even though I am scared, I know I can pass this!	1
shocking food in Cardiff Bay tonight 40 mins for food with a hungry 6yr old and a concert to get to	We got to get out for a dinner and concert tonight.	1
Dear neighbours in the basement, it's the oscars, you don't need to blast it so I can follow every word from upstairs tired	The neighbors are watching the Oscars at too high a volume so I'm going to tell them to turn it down.	1
The cess-tank is broken. Now sourcing night soil men and temporary toilets for family wedding on Saturday. tyingbowsontostuff	If I start looking now I can find night soil men and temporary toilets for the family wedding on saturday.	1
Assignment 1 of 3rd year- approx 2,000 words down, only another 2,000 to go. Think I may cry toomuchwork mentalbreakdownyear	Finished 2,000 words of my assignment and now only 2,000 left for me to finish.	1
Getting home from work at half 4 to realise I have a hole in my jeans so trying to get into town before new look shut at half 5	I hope I get to the store so that I am able to buy new jeans for tomorrow.	1
Decisions are my least favorite thing in this world and somehow I have to make like 15 million in the next 48 hours stressed	Decisions is a great opportunity to grow as a person	1
As soon as I got my number and pin running properly I've got idiots trying to make convo..erm NO I DON'T KNOW YOU ANYMORE SORRY!	I'm happy I finally have my pin and number working correctly.	1
Urgh why does January exams have to come straight after Christmas? Unfair timing of months	I'm thankful that I am able to handle the workload of exams that come right after Christmas.	1
Im super sick and I have to take the AP Exam todayPlease dont let me die during this test!!!	Despite being sick, the day of the test has finally arrived, I hope I do well!	1
My dissertation deadline is exactly 1 month today and I'm not even half way through :(	My dissertation deadline is exactly 1 month today, and I'm not even halfway through. Not giving up though! There's still time!	1
So I put and all of a sudden the following are all being tweeted about KeepTalkingMH MentalIllnessMisconceptions stressed pain SickNotWeak anxiety anxietyproblems OCD loneliness depression I'm like hey, I'm trending..	Having stress it's part of what makes the human life be what it is.	1
Another night of not much sleep. Really need to work this graduation problem out. exhausted	I hope to be done with graduation soon so that I can enjoy a good night's sleep after.	1
My stress level is so bad right now all I can do is stare off into space and feel my nerves tremble. Fibromyalgia	I am excited about the days when I have less on my plate and my stress is gone.	1
ugh how can LeBron make a decision on Thursday before 11:30 pm? I never decide between brothers and cantina until AT LEAST then!	Whenever LeBron James makes his decision, I'll be interested to see it.	1
I think I should fake die so I can get away from Paris and marry Romeo stressed (scene 1)	I want to move away from paris, I cant wait to start a new life with Romeo	1
The Lack Of Help I'm Getting From Some Of My Coworkers Lately Is Irritating, To Say The Least.	Being part of a job is a team effort	1
Can I just go home, take a hot bath and sip on a glass of wine?	im excited to go home and take a hot bath and sip on a glass of wine?	1
Now I'm almost done with high school I can say growing up is crazy and I wish to be young and stupid and not have to pay bills	I'm glad I'm finishing high school, it will be a test of how responsible I can be.	1
My face has broken out worse this last week than it has in the last year combined.	My skin is usually so good, I am lucky, I know it will get better again.	1
If this week of school had six days I would spend the last day crying	If this week of school had six days I would spend the last day smile.	1
Worst luck of my life today and still got a 15 page paper to do by Friday	I have still got a 15 -page paper to do by Friday and I hope to finish it on time.	1
I can't wait for the day that im officially over you. Sick and tired of being sick and tired.	I can't wait for the day that I'm officially over you. Exhausted from this. I know it will come though. Hanging in there.	1
I hate school so much.. I swear it's like in my speech class we are having to give speeches once a week and it's just too much!	We have to give speeches once a week in my speech class and I have to get used to it. No wonder it's called speech class! There are other better things in school though!	1
Tyoooo Examz are on their way and am way too behind in terms of studying	I need to study for the exam so, I can get excellent grades.	1
Well, the second day of my new job done. pretty tiring though. I still got three days to go, Thank God for weekends off. tired	3 more days for the weekend. It would be a welcome break after the first week at my new job.	1
The news I jus' got; Can it get any worse? Well yea but damn. Don't know what to do.	I received a bad news, and I don't know what to do. But I'm resilient, and I know I can overcome this.	1
I sent out my rent 6 days ago and it still hasn't arrived. Praying ToGod because the harassing emails of where it is or calls. Landlords are suffering but what about my right not be into a heartattack ? Tired of having to check or locate anything.	I am really worried since the rent hasn't reached the landlord, and it's making me panick, but it must be some minor delay and I am sure it will reach him.	1
took a nap mid writing essay because i can't cope. can't wait to hand it in and get drunk!	My essay is halfway done. When I finish, I'm going to have a drink to relax!	1
Would like a cuppa tea to go with this bath, might ease the headache a little isn't the word	Having a cup of tea to go with this bath will certainly ease the headache.	1
I just feel like I am not getting anywhere with my work I cannot wait until the next 2 weeks are over and done with!!! :(	My work doesn’t seem to go smoothly. But I am glad it will over in the next two weeks.	1
Cannot wait until Friday at 10:00 a.m. when all my school related worries will be behind me for a little while	After 10am on Friday will be so awesome because I'll have no worries related to school.	1
Im so tired.. But i cant fall asleep.. I have alot of school stuff on my mind	When all my schoolwork is done, I'll be able to sleep peacefully	1
Of course the day I try to study at work I have zero downtime as apposed to the normal doing nothing half the time.	Tomorrow I will delegate my time better so that I can accomplish everything I want to do.	1
I cannot find the motivation to work on this speech. I'd rather just sleep and make this headache go away.	I hope to get some motivation to work on this speech or I can just sleep to feel better.	1
Why does Starbucks have to be so expensive? I want it but I'm not about to pay $5 for one cup.	Starbucks should make their prices more affordable.	1
Bored hoping it gets bad out but not too bad I have a dr appointment tomorrow since they have yet to call and tell me my results	I have a dr appointment tomorrow so I am hoping that my results are good and everything goes well.	1
God knows how hard im studying for this final. Ill be really upset if i dont reach my expectations.	I have been studying so hard I hope I get the grade I deserve.	1
I didn't get a photopass email back from warped yet. I'm just hoping it late.	Can’t wait untill I get my photopass email.	1
How many times can you take a deep breath before you just get tired of breathing?!?!	Time to focus on deep breathing, it will get easier with practice.	1
Arrrrg I hate waking up as early as 5 as much as I hate my step mum	Waking up early as 5 is something that I don’t like much.	1
I just want to go home and go to sleep and just be like fuck you biology.	I want to take rest after my studies.	1
Really looking forward to a weeks holiday but so much to do before I finish work :(	I can't wait for the weeks holiday after finishing the work!	1
I have power and the NBN is connected. It was a long day but I got there. Tomorrow the removalists come and PLEASE PLEASE let this be the last move for a while.	We should be patience and lead our life peaceful.	1
All I can think about right now is food. I'm so sick of talking about cars.	I'm tired of talking about cars. All I can think about right now is food, but soon I'll be free, and finally eat.	1
You may be stressed out, but your body doesn't have to feel it. YOU are your BEST ASSET!! Take CARE of yourself!!	I will be able to go through stress because I am a strong person and I have high self-esteem.	1
You know what I miss? Sleep. Tomorrow's gunna suck. Another exam I'm not ready for.	I would love to be done with tomorrow's exam so that I can enjoy a good nights sleep afterwards.	1
Seriously I wish I was famous and had money ! I hate seeing my moms struggling !! I'm stressing for her ! !	I will work hard and earn money to keep my mom happier.	1
You know what sucks Work 7 hours a day, 6 days a week and not getting paid for it ihatecoop needmoney	I'm not sure my work situation is right for me, so I'm going to explore new opportunities.	1
can just imagine our group to get lost or break down on the way to prom and turn up late	I have prom tonight, and I'm so excited to go.  Everything is going to be so great.	1
Been so lately like no other..just avoiding the situation even tho I shouldn't b doin that..idk..	I have decided to confront the situation which is what I should have done.	1
Is it really bad that its only 9:15am and I fancy/ need a beer already?	I'm craving a beer, so I'm going to go on a run to get it out of my system.	1
after doing 6 hours of coursework lesson the thought of having to hand in 3 assignments by Thursday makes me wanna die	I've done six hours of coursework and need to hand in three assignments by Thursday, but then I'll be done!	1
Most difficult assignment so far - couldn't choose a question and now i'm not sure I picked the right one	This was our most difficult assignment so far, but at least it's over.	1
Wish I knew what the future holdstoo stressed thinking about itI guess I will sleep when I am dead :(	I am a bit stressed about the future and I hope it holds something good in store for me.	1
Gaaah - work is the last place I wanna be this morning! tired not a good combination	I hope I have a quiet day in the office today so that I can finish my day quickly.	1
Feeling a little ? Confianza is a naturally based supplement that increases your energy levels while reducing stress and	Feeling tired? Confianza a naturally based supplement will help you boost your energy levels.	1
Well, after what it looks like will be a tough day, I can't wait to sit back, relax, and watch later today.	As soon as the day is over, I can relax watching TV.	1
You know you need a relaxed day when your mom says you have dark and baggy eyelids	My mom said I look tired today, at least It's nice to have someone to acknowledge my efforts and feelings.	1
Felt like I had just gone to sleep when the alarm went off. Today is gonna be very long for me. nosleep	Today is going to be a long day, but at the end I can go home and get some sleep.	1
does anyone else feel super pressured to put out music?! :( i wanna take my time (within reason) to articulate a vision and do it right, but people be out here putting out a song a week :( it makes me feel like im failing or behind	I understand that everyone works at a different pace, we are all going to get to the top eventually, just keep on hoping!	1
It would be neat if I could instantly fall asleep the second I fall into bed Insomnia needthesleep exhausted	I would love to fall asleep quicker.	1
Like what the heck does that even mean, how do I write a 5 paragraph essay about that	I'm pretty sure that I will find a way to work in this essay with ease!	1
Today feels like a cookie dough raw out of the package for breakfast day. I compromised and went with Crunch Berries cereal.	I have had a hard day today but I still managed to have cereal instead of cookie dough.	1
Loool someone will take you serious you'd now be feigning confusion RT: I just want someone to squeeze meeee	I would love a hug from someone close to me right now. I really do need it.	1
i can not believe i locked my bike up at a pub after having a pub lunch with family and loose the lock key.	I lost my key at the pub, but I'm sure I'll find it if I retrace my steps.	1
ha am writing a report on obesity and all I have done is eat exams : ((	I will stop being a hypocrite and stop eating.	1
Can't wait to have this shitty graded unit handed in and have a free minute to chill or do ANYTHING other than this!	This is going to be over soon and I will have lots of time to relax.	1
As a non-driver, it's pretty hard to give directions to drivers when I'm not sure on which streets you can turn right etc.	I'm thankful people trust me to stop me and ask for directions.	1
I'm so stressed!! That would be why my face looks like a 13-year-old boy who just hit puberty	This stress is giving me an appearance of a 13 -year old boy, but I hope my face brightens up after my visit to the salon.	1
Why ring my landline, disturbing mother, to tell me you're coming at 9.45 instead of 9.30? Especially as it's 9.55 and you're not here disability disabledlife	I am glad to be cooking after this illness.	1
Either I've been out of the game too long, or I just can't handle a test every two days. Too much	The best way to get back to testing is to study and practice more	1
I have officially hit my breaking point I need sleep and a long break..!!! Sick	I'm sick but nothing a break with a long sleep can't fix.	1
I am going to watch the TV with my hands on my knees hunched over like a football coach 90% of this game.	This is going to be a very exciting game!	1
got home from work, took a shower, now goin to bed and sleeping all day tomorrow. Depressed	I made it home from the day, now I'm going to bed to have a good rest.	1
so i have been to afraid to do anything with my flatmate and now my ex has been staying in the house confused	I've been afraid to have an affair with my flatmate, thanks god because my ex is back	1
Tomorrow may be the longest day ever, two tests and a oral presentation. I need spring break now.	Even if tomorrow is the longest day ever I am a strong person so I can take on the two tests and the oral presentation after which I will be having the spring break.	1
When you really want to wear a pair of shoes but can only find one f'in foot cuz your wardrobe is so messy!!! fuming	I'm trying to find a pair of shoes, but I can't because my wardrobe is so messed up, and on second thought, this is the perfect time to organize it and stop procrastinating.	1
Hoping a run will release some endorphins and get me out of this stressssssy mood!!	Running will help me feel better.	1
One test down and one to go. Along with two meetings, a doctors appt, and a clinical.	Ive succesfully completed one test, two meetings, a doctors appointment and a clinical. I am on a role.	1
Crap prom is in like a month in a half now. Fack me. I have to go shopping soon and find a date. TheStruggle	I hope to find a date and do my shopping for my prom that is coming up in a month and half soon.	1
it took half the semester to finish half this book now the man wants us to finish the other half in 2 days wft	It took half the semester to finish half this book. Now the man wants us to finish the other half in 2 days. The good thing is now I'm going to learn how to get things done under pressure.	1
Im crying because of how stressed out I am. Projects, Exams, and Tests.. Winter Break cant come any sooner	Once winter break starts I'll be able to relax and hang with my friends.	1
Just feeling so tired about school right now and don't wanna go.. Somedays i just feel that i should quit school fml	I sometimes want to quit school, but I know if I continue to try hard it will all be worth it!	1
I hate when I have a dream and I do something bad and I wake up feeling guilty and fearing the consequence	Sometimes I have a dream that I do something bad, and I wake up feeling guilty and fearing the consequence. But then I realize it's just a dream, and I feel better.	1
Don't mind me, I'll just be over in the corner crying over this exam on Friday :/	I can't wait for Friday to be done with my exams and have a relaxing weekend.	1
The fourth term ends in a week and half of my teachers haven't posted any of my grades yet.	The semester is finally ending, it's over in a week, and I'm so happy about it. Now I'm going to enjoy the vacation.	1
Hate the situation I'm in. Seems there's no right decision. This is why things aren't supposed to be like this. confused	I look forward to the day I am out of my current situation and can have a new start.	1
SouthendHospital was like a cross between Argos and Southendairport today Everybody looked SO and sad! NOT a place toGET well!	I hope I do not have to go to Southend Hospital again in the near future.	1
Don't get me wrong, I love sports, but this game is taking years off my life	What a thrilling game! This is so eventful.	1
Can't stop fidgeting or get to sleep! The end of this week could not come soon enough!	The end of the week is near so it means I will have time to relax.	1
This entire week of school has me mentally exhausted. Too bad I don't even get a break this weekend. wannabedropout	I have had an entire week of school so at least I get a break away from it even if I have things to do.	1
Twelve hours spent analyzing budgets. Nine weeks to approve 92 of them. I don't know if this is possible	Analyzing a lot of budgets is not pleasant. However, I'm sure I'm getting expert on this!	1
so now I have had to order the SAME dress online from topshop to collect from store tomorrow!! GRR	It's a hassle to order the dress again online from topshop to collect from store tomorrow, but thank God they have the same dress.	1
I never really need it when I ask but please please PLEASE let this train be late getting into Brampton. I can afford to miss it.	I hope this train enters Brampton late, so that I can get into it on time.	1
At this point a mental health day won't help I need like a mental health year	A mental health day would dome wonders rather than a mental health day.	1
Omg my anxiety and worry has consumed me this evening. Just put Beef Stew seasoning in my beans instead of Chili bean seasoning! :/	I have to control my anxiety, so I don't make these mistakes again	1
I understand listener supported, but I endured a week of stressful telethon plugs not enjoying station. How much longer? I need to check out until y'all are done. stressed nonstop sales	These stations have too many ads	1
Got a dissertation to finish, a 2500 word essay and revision for two exams to do and i've got two and a half weeks to do it all :/	I have a lot of work to do, but that's university I know I can do it.	1
Portfolio draft due in the morning, two exams tomorrow, 12 hr shift Thursday and exam on Friday that I actually need to study for.	The fact that the week is so full of responsibilities just means I’m about to finish the year.	1
Having one of those days where I genuinely question if I'll make it through this next month of uni. stressed	University is very challenging, although I am greatful for the opportunity to improve	1
There aren't near enough Froot Loops left in the box to get me through this day.	A bowl of cereal will make this day a good one!	1
So an update on my week from hell. I spent my morning in the urgent care and waited an hour for the doc to see me. I have a sinus infection and Stayed home another day from work. Finally my PC hard drive just took a nose dive.	My week may have been hard with my problems at the doctor and the breakup of my hard drive, but none of this is eternal.	1
AP tests, finals, sat, act: HOW AM I GOING TO STUDY FOR ALL OF THIS!!!! let alone try to go to a concert before it all starts!	Studying for all these tests and finals and still wanting to go to a concert	1
2 and a half hours till I get up for work! Had 1 and a half hours sleep so far!	I have had 1.5 hours of sleep and I can get 2.5 hours more.  Will be a little tired at work, but I can do this.	1
I forgot to take my Bliss this morning and oh man, I'm feeling it. anxious	Having a rough day today but at least I will remeber to take my Bliss tomorrow morning.	1
I hate when people are upset and you know it but they swear that they're completely fine.	It would be nice having people express their true emotions so that it would be easier to talk to them.	1
I'm finna get in the shower and wash my hair so i can just let all my anger and stress out!!	I want to take a shower to cleanse away my negative feelings.	1
After the week I had I shud really of had a beer for this match thou the way I feel I wud of been drunk after 2 knackered	I should take it a bit easier so that I can enjoy the match with this beer instead of feeling like being drunk after 2 knackers.	1
Need to clear my mind. Thank god it's a beautiful day for a run outside	It's a beautiful day for a run outside and it's just the thing I need to clear my mind.	1
After attending the MassWomen conference last month, I vowed to follow no phone in the bedroom rule all January to lower my stress and make good habits. Yeah, w/last nights crazy news cycle I failed miserably. itried	I need to start following the no phone in the bedroom rule going forward so that I can improve my sleeping habits.	1
Cannot believe I forgot that my exam was today and didn't get to take it. Can you say stressed out?! idiot	I'm disappointed in myself that I forgot about my exam today and wasn't able to take it.  I know I can do better in the future and just need to become more organized.	1
When you are almost done with your bachelor's degree in Television and have a revelation that you might want to be a nurse	People might change their mind about what they want to do in their life and that's normal.	1
The closer we get to finals, the better dropping out and becoming a stripper sounds.	As finals are coming up, they stress me out but they will be over soon.	1
i dont even know anymore i keep trying but you just get angry with me confused	I think we need to talk more between each other, so I understand why you're angry.	1
One of those days when I just wanna crawl under my duvet and wake up next week Friday (o_o) tired exams	Today I'm going to go to bed early and enjoy my sleep after all these exams stress.	1
I'm really about to take these next 50 minutes for me, myself, and I. SelfishMoment Exhausted	I am going to focus on myself for the next hour or so and would be in a better frame of mind for the rest of the day.	1
Spent all morning on Trent when I was supposed to be writing essays had uni all afternoon and now it's nap time	Ive had a good day on Trent and been productive at uni, I can do my essay‚Äôs after my nap.	1
from two nights of having a puppy to take care of, I now know could seriously not have a kid at this age tired haventshowered	Taking care of puppies is a tough job, the joy it brings to your mind is worth all the trouble.	1
Midterms did not even start yet and I'm looking forward to a break already. :'(	Midterms will soon be over, and I'll be able to enjoy my break.	1
All these sad songs about are not helping!!! Although its doin wonders for my weightloss 1/2 stone in a week!!! Heartbroken	I'm heartbroken, but this too shall pass.	1
Honestly cant wait for today to be over with. Out of everything thats caused me stress anxiety this year, this is ultimately the worst for me x10. Fingers crossed its quick and done with  MentalHealthAwareness anxiety	I want today to be over, this is the worst I've overcome this year, I hope to be quick and done with Mental Health Awareness	1
id say she is well used to you at this stage haha.! its desperate.! doing it all morning and not getting anywhere :(	Still i have to develop my relationship to be strong with her.	1
I have been so lazy with all of the stuff that has happened the past couple days	Despite the events, I'm still feeling very energetic.	1
Two days before prom. Andrew steps on my big toe and breaks my nail in half.	Just two days before prom Andrew steps on my big toe and break my nail but apart from that I'm fine.	1
If these drugs don't kick in soon I will be crying in a half hour.. pain ouch worsethannormal	I can't wait for the drugs to kick in, so I will be pain free	1
show is so sad today with the poor man that left his child in the car. Please folks, please beinthemoment especially with childreninthecar please. It could happen to anyone, we're all so distracted and these days. Sending prayers to the family.	It is so sad about the children inthe car on the show. I am thankful my children are ok.	1
I'm tired of everything being left up to me to do! I never get a break!	I'm tired of everything being left up to me to do. From now on, I'll challenge myself to say no more often and make time for myself!	1
June 2019 has just been horrible - K now has a concussion  - July cannot come soon enough! tiringmonth	June 2019 has not been a great month. K now has a concussion. Hopefully when July comes along things will get better!	1
Trying to figure out next semesters classes is a lot harder than I thought it would be.	Trying to figure out next semesters classes is a lot harder than I thought it would be, but I'm confident it's going to be okay in the end of all.	1
I have been in the library since 2 studying for bio and I'm not even half way done. premedprobz stressed	I have been in the library since 2 studying for bio and I'm not even half way done. this is going to be tough but it's important to learn it	1
Just finished work. Definitely wasn't a good idea to shout at the locals to get the fuck out. tired	I don't think I made the best choices at work today but there is always tomorrow.	1
You have to cut the people out of your life that make you unhappy, even if that person is your dad useless	Even if it's your father, sometimes you should remove people from your life who don't make you happy.	1
Pretty sure I failed my Science test today How should I know what " Organic Hay" is made of!?	I found that science test really hard although I might have passed still.	1
kileeeeeg!! hihi  ito na lang stress reliever ko..  tsss! !  sad!  tired!   watching Fall In Love With Me	I wish I would feel relaxed after watching Fall in love with me.	1
Had a fun night at work with .. but I've never closing on a Monday night again tired sore	With a little more workout, working nights with on Mondays would be pretty enjoyable.	1
I'm sick of this..I can't even describe my feelings towards you right now.. I'm worried about everything	I am sure that my feelings towards you will be back to normal tomorrow when I am in a better frame of mind.	1
After breaking down 4 times today, I should just accept an F on all assignments, tests, and quizzes for the week.	I have had a blip today in my studies although I am going to try my best to keep up my hard work.	1
Sleeeping my life away for the next few days. Life can leave me the hell alone for awhile.	I would like to sleep and enjoy solitariness for a while.	1
Uruguay should be down to 10 men no doubt! EnglandvsUruguay why has no one tapped suarez's knee?!	A good way for England to win is to find a way to get Suarez out of the game.	1
Feeling stressed? Tuck in to one of our sticky toffee puds or choc brownies today. Why? Because stressed spelled backwards = desserts!	Stress it's part of life but at least the desserts will make me feel better.	1
This week was making me busy. I only had 30 minutes too relax to music. Hopefully this won't happen again. whew tired eh help	Had a really productive week this week and only had a 30-minute break, but next week will be more relaxed.	1
Saturday is the only day I can sleep in and get some rest. Do I get to? No of course not. Been up since 6:50.	I wake up at 6am on Saturdays sometimes but at least I get to have a productive day.	1
Tomorrow is gonna be a stressful day for me, i dont even wanna deal with it. :( Gonna listen to YB and Mblaq until I can fall asleep	Tomorrow is going to be a stressful day for me, I have to prepare for that.	1
I just wasted 7.99 paying for WiFi that cant even cope with a zoom call	The wifi here could really do with an upgrade.	1
Oh my days how can managing CC statement dates be such a drama?! 5+ calls and still not sorted!	Even though I have a lot of data to manage at least it means that I have something to do in my life so that's good.	1
QUADRICEPS: Stiff pain weak: signs of muscle. DeStress session solves the prob. Learn SelfHelp Techs	DeStress sessions is very good for solving Stiff pain weak pain in quadriceps	1
Sick fed up hearing about elections, 2nd EU referendums, article 50 etc!! Just get on with brexit now instead of waiting jeez!!	I am sick of Brexit taking so long, but I need to focus on other things in my life.	1
I seem distracted this quarter. Idk why, not sure if it is because it is summer so I would rather be doing other things.	Well, I am a bit distracted since it is summer and there are other things I'd rather be doing, but I know I am growing by keeping my eyes on the goal	1
I need to seriously clear my head for lk a month and talk to no one.	I need to take a break and talk to noone for a month and clear my head, that will really help me get back on track.	1
How I am able to properly balance out school and life in general right now is beyond me..	I thank God for being able to balance school and life in general.	1
I have so much work to get done in the next three weeks and have basically none of the info for any of it, it's ridiculous.	I have much work to get done in the next three weeks and don’t have much information, but I am sure I can pull through.	1
So tired of everything just quitting on me. In need of just brand new everything, but no money.	I believe that things will work out for me, and since I am not in need of money the things should be easier to get.	1
I dont have enough hours N a day when I'm required to learn billions of drugs stuff in 5 days every week  ~(.)~ tired	I'm thankful I have lots of time to learn all this drug information five days a week.	1
Maybe if I stopped replaying the last few months over and over I could sleep	The past months haunting me will not go on forever so after some time I will feel better.	1
My skin feels like it weighs 60 lbs and is pressing down on my muscles and bones	I would love a couple of days of rest so that I can clear my head and go back to feeling normal.	1
Kinda just want to skip my last class and go home  todays not a good day	Today's not a good day but I am determined to attend all classes today and not be held down.	1
Of course I am one of those unlucky few who get fucked by Csn and their bullshit.	I’m sure if I’ve had problems with Csn then several others have as well.	1
I feel like I've been in school for like a month and it's been two days	I feel like I've been in school for like a month and it's been two days, but the weekend is coming.	1
I am completely convinced that someone wants me to have a bad day and most likely a bad week.	I've been having a bad day, but bad days happen. Tomorrow is another day.	1
Seriously crying myself to sleep right now. So ready for Monday to be over. I HATE being a college student.	I'm so excited for tomorrow. It will be a new day with new opportunities	1
Well I'm I just lost all my online files which had 2 of my finals and all of my notes .. Due tomorrow btw	I try to work hard to recollect my data.	1
If you don't text me back in the next 10 minutes im legit going to hate you more then im already starting to. angry	I need you to text me back in ten minutes	1
My mind has been running a million mph for a straight 24hrs. This is not okay.	I appreciate the ability I have to work 24 hours straight, I just can't let it hurt me.	1
Wish going to the physio was free and didn't cost the equivalent of like your first born child for a massage because I need one!	Need a massage. Wishing it'd come soon	1
I think teachers purposely try to kill us by assigning everything the day before the term is over.	I think teachers want to see our effort in their subjects	1
Finished uni wrote some of my essay and now having cuddles with my poorly princess cuddles niece poorly uni assignment	I finally finished my college work, and now I enjoy hugs from my niece, my princess.	1
I will never take my child on a bus to Merthyr agin!! Got 1 naughty nagging hyper little boy	There is a fussy boy on this bus ride to Merthyr.	1
I'm so not prepared for this crazy week ahead of me.. 2 exams. a comp. and I work full time. thisisnotok	This week is going to be a busy week with 2 exams and a comp, but I am well-prepared for it. I can take it easy.	1
I can't with this A&P quiz tomorrow Who gives a 10 question quiz over 2 chapters	Getting ready for this quiz tomorrow	1
2 cancelled flights in 2 days. Terrible service! Will never fly you again. unhappy expectedbetter frustrated	The canceled flights will give me more time to do other things.	1
I bet someone out there derives enjoyment from making thousands of people go crazy over the SDCC hotel lottery. You sick bastards	The SDCC hotel lottery is complicated! I am going to ask for help.	1
you don't realize how much crap you have in your room until you have to start packing for uni..	You don't know how much stuff you DON'T NEED until you start packing for uni.	1
So today I get told my WHOLE dissertation needs to be done by next week!!!!!!  impossible	So today I get told my whole dissertation needs to be done	1
I am seriously so stressed out about everything and anything right now. This really sucks!!!	I am feeling very stressed, but I know that I have the coping skills to get through this.	1
Looking forward to an early night! But first, to tackle this pigsty of a house and the backlog of accounts exhausted	I can't wait to clean the house and get done with the backlog of accounts so that I can have an early night.	1
La la la la. It's 4:18 am and I still can't sleep. Got my last exam in 12 hours.	I have a final exam in 12 hours and I can't sleep. I suppose I'll sleep like a baby when it's over.	1
I swear if I miss the deadline for BGC volleyball I'm going to be SO MAD!	I hope I make it in time for the BGC volleyball qualifications.	1
Well incase you didn't know the library is closed on Fridays in the summer The procrastination continues	The library is closed on Friday's, so it is a good day to have fun.	1
Well got my first final in an hour. Ugh this is bad. But I still have to study for tomorrow :( Finals When is Christmas break?	I'm thankful for everything this city gave me! So many memories!	0
Getting an A+ grade in the mid of the sem is stressful. It requires more effort to make the grade last till end of term.	I don’t like it when people try to guilt -trip you to something even after you told no to them. Hope people change for the better.	0
The awkward moment when you cuss in front of your cheer coach and she acts like she doesn't hear it	I'm glad networking with gaming comes very easily for me.	0
Come on I need you too tweet me cus um I love you but besides that I will stalk you if you don't tweet me :(	Children with autism tend to demonstrate stereotypic behavior or repetitive behaviors when they are excited or bored.	0
3 hours of sleep makes for a long day today I see a 5 hour energy in my future today sleepy worried	I have less than 2 hours to get home and make mashed potatoes from scratch, once I make them I'll be so relieved.	0
You know things are bad when you wake up at 3am and start doing uni work. Who puts a deadline a week before dissertation?!	I'm going to take some time to take care of myself for a while, so don't worry if you don't see me.	0
I'm so stressed, I'm starting to have random back aches. How old am I again?  oldlady	Like I know what I want, but I know it won't just happen. You have to work for your dreams.	0
I had a dream last night that I punched an old man in the face I'm afraid to sleep now in case I punch someone else	Drinking is a great way to cheer oneself. So that's on the cards tonight:)	0
Ugh so much to do and so little time to do it!!! Gotta get all my stuff put up from college ad pack for cruises! help!!	The week will be over soon. I will make it through.	0
I find that funny how i could be in a life or death situation and he cant even listen to my feelings about it	Because I spent a long time studying it means I will be a better person and more knowledgeable.	0
five more days left of semester and 4 more projects due is this week over yet stressed needsabreak &	I haven't liked anybodys posts in the past 24 hours, I think I need to be more encouraging.	0
I hate having to struggle to stay on top of my bills. I need a new job	I've been binge-watching Luther over the past few days, and I love it, but I can't understand why the police aren't called.	0
I hate everything :'( My timetable for next year was SO PERFECT :'( but no, fuck Steps! I don't wanna take it :'(	I should plan ahead next time so that my basketball game does not conflict too closely with my projects.	0
Headache again :( gosh had more stupid headaches in this past year than any year. :(	Finally, off work, now I can relax and prepare myself for tomorrow!	0
Beyond tired.. How is it only Wednesday.. Yet, where is the time going!? So much to do!	I am sick and tired but I know I have it in me to make it through today.	0
on top of everything i'm now getting sick, seriously?! i can't afford to get sick right now..maybe more homework therapy will help	This day will be better the later it goes on, and I will feel good.	0
gonna run away somewhere tropical. Don't even think about coming with unless you're down to be a beach bum a while worktomorrow	I went from weighting 120 pounds to 96 pounds which can be good since I will have lower cholesterol.	0
I seriously can't deal with anything. if I could I'd smoke a carton a day	I know I can handle what this week has in store for me, no matter how it starts off!	0
Lebron loses more hair every time he faces an elimination game in the Finals. He gonna come back next game lookin like Jefferson	too interested in different things to know exactly what I want to do with my life #jackofalltrades	0
An hour and a half left of this class! I need spring break ! What is even going on in this class?	This was not the way I wanted my morning to start. I just wanted a good day, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.	0
The journey home is starting to really irritate me! Temporary traffic lights and traffic EVERYWHERE!	It’s hard to sample all our heme manually with a slow sysmex but I know we can do it!.	0
My baby is not a very crying baby and my cousin will be visiting for a month with her crying baby	The tastes of others and mine do not agree, but that is the beauty of diversity in opinions.	0
Noel just stresses me out on deal or no deal, drags everything on, just get on and open the stupid box	I'm sure I will sleep better tomorrow night.	0
It's a daily struggle trying to meet the expectations of The Satanic Elite. I think they have an attitude	I'm not sleeping that much lately as I have a lot of things to do before classes on Monday but I understand it's just a period and that period has its good part.	0
I've said it before and I'll say it again WTF IS UP WITH MUSIC CHANNELS HAVING A MILLION ADVERTS?!	Only an hour left, and I'm done with my last paper of senior year!	0
just 2 more weeks of summer school, I can do this, but I have so much work to do :'( :'( :'(	It took me 1.5 hrs to get a place in gloucester, but thankfully im finally here.	0
GGOM my dance outfit/ uniform cost $185 n my check dnt come till da 1st n it's due be4 the 24th :(	I will never fail. I will be amazing!	0
filling in forms and i cant ever remember what forename and surname are in my name. always have to search it. awful	Next time I will be more prepared for long presentations and avoid failing them.	0
Missing my UIU buddies a lot lately! Could really use my Fayette family right now!	I am going to get a new phone which is good.	0
Soon as I get home I'm going to eat all the fatty foods and play video games	I hope I do well in my exams that are scheduled for the next few weeks.	0
I will NEVER understand why professors give you a crazy project a week before the semester is over!	But when I get dressed, I am always satisfied.	0
So disappointed with this is the very last car I have from them! The worst thing is not being called back!	The roads in the country are much safer than the ones in the city.	0
I got like three hours of sleep because I was too anxious to fall asleep ughhhhh	Going to the doctor tomorrow, thanks for everyone that has been wishing me well, I am sure it's nothing bad	0
Feeling because I know my mother is unhappy with me. But I have to do what I want. I can't give in an do what she wants me to do. It's my life.	I made it to the end of the most challenging week ever!	0
Im actually going to have a mental breakdown soon!:( I have so many things to do and no time for anything	Babies can be really difficult sometimes, shout out to all the moms and dads that deal with them with grace!	0
Got bored, just wanted to blow some money on more winter clothes. Gets to Town Centre, It's PACKED. cool	Even though my grades are not good, I am committed to improving these grades.	0
I hate this feeling.. Sad, Headache, and no one to talk to. Along with finals in the morning	So much work and few hours of sleep, make me miss and want to go back in time to better enjoy the life of a child. Never come back.	0
Every one is settling down and I'm trying to do the same but its the most difficult thing I have done in a long time	An ice-cold Rekorderlig after a long day at work	0
If anyone needs to me I'll be laying in bed just crying myself to sleep.	Dance dreams are the worst haha, because I want to dance, and I can handle breaking my neck or back	0
Bloody but unbowed." That line is so real to my life at this very moment.	The semester is very stressful, but I need to remain calm because it is coming to an end.	0
I just sent Charles a plethera of texts about what I've been stressed about and he hasn't replied but I already feel better wow.	I need a hot bubble bath and a cold drink. To relieve the stress.	0
Pretty much it goes like: I love you, and I hate myself for it :/	I hope people deliver the ordered stuff correctly on time.	0
I miss half of my sons life.. Just to work.. Ill never know how to explain it to him.. An it will always eat me alive	I hate everything that is happening, but it won't last forever.	0
Are you holding yourself back? It is time to release yourself from stress? stressed exhausted worrying empowering	I am ready to start doing something new, I feel like a puppy would be great.	0
Looking at my chem notes I just wanna throw up cause I know I'm gonna fail so bad	Not trusting people is a right that everyone has and after all we are not obliged to trust everyone.	0
Well my aim to do loads of uni work today certainly didn't go to plan today :/	Lots of things haven’t gone my way at the moment but I know this is just a stage in life and things will start to get better.	0
Not going to school tomorrow and it kinda sucks cuz I should probably study for exams	I hope I can take some time out so that I can channel my anger in the right direction and get some peace of mind.	0
It's 2:00 a.m and I have a feeling I won't get any sleep tonight. :/	I'm hungry, but when I try to eat I feel sick and can't eat. Fortunately, I took a medicine and soon I'll be better.	0
Just had someone pull out of the move making my job so much harder tomorrow. Don't bloody agree if you're just going to back out!	The good thing about being alone all the time is that I can focus on my personal projects and myself!	0
Ready for this weekend. Tomorrow is singing hands. Then I'm going to just relax this weekend. confused	I'm glad I could stay home today and focus on getting healthy. I'll worry about classes once I'm feeling better.	0
I have my exams in less than a week, so my life evolves around REVISION.. REVISION.. REVISION.. Sickofit	If someone wants to leave me, and I am going to move on with my life because I have better things in my future.	0
So frustrating when you save a file then can't find it anywhere on your computer!!!	If I make an effort to work on my interpersonal skills, I'll be able to communicate better and more clearly with a variety of people, which will help me connect with others.	0
Apparently tons of people are having trouble on moodle - now I know the issues I've had are spot on. and	College is a lot of work, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to go.	0
Did all three of my best friends ask to hang out while I slept in? Wtf wtf wtf	I would love to go to sleep and wake up in a better frame of mind tomorrow.	0
Sunday cannot come quick enough, i need a day off and i was only back at work on tuesday. Exhausted.	I am loyal to my friends and do not usually tell on them.	0
I paid extra to have outfits delivered today for my performance tomorrow, only to be told just now that there's been a "slight" delay, meaning it won't arrive til MONDAY! Please refund my money asap as I now have to get new outfit!	I am tired and have too much homework. I hope to finish it soon and relax in my bed.	0
Oh we have finals tomorrow!! Stressed TeamStudyHard oh wait i don't stress or study ever. how could I forget	It's been a long day have to take rest.	0
Return home to find the freezer door not shut properly and everything partially defrosted. Having a slight breakdown	I know it would be like not worrying about work or money. But looking on the bright side, these are things that made many other things possible for me, so I'm happy with that.	0
Going to uni in the dark and walking back in the darkand you think us students don't do aby work	Life is tough now but soon it will all be worth it when we can move in to our new home.	0
ugh I'm done with people right now.I just can't even try understanding this stuff no more -_-	I've done 4 hours of math, I'm ready to pass the test!	0
Because school sucks and feelings suck and I just want to sleep gradyear tired burntout	6 hours of research and hard work I am half way through my psychology essay! Motivated to finish this and the English essay	0
I'm ready to go to this play Hopefully it will get me in a better mood than I am in todaywasnotmyday stressed confused Girls are stress	If I was me I will hide my money in a secert place for Vegas this will help to take in future.	0
I hate waking up later than I'm supposed to on a day I have a lot to do	I am not sure how the rest of you getting in all your meals with all the work, and I have a similar problem, but at least I can say I have been productive at the end of the day	0
I'm in such a horrible mood today so I apologise in advanced if anyone has seen me or might see me and I was awful moodybitch	I will let everything bad pass... Good things will come. I just need to allow myself to feel every emotion I can!	0
Actually wanting to get back to revision after job applications for two hours shows how awful applications really are !	I'm glad you're in a good mood, but this is the 3rd floor.  You don't giggle here because we try to be quiet on this floor.  You're most welcome to go flirt and laugh downstairs though.	0
i was too sad to do hw last night, but my professor cancelled the quiz and showed a documentary in	Thinking about many things can be good since it means I have things to think about.	0
i am so scared for college and im only going to matc. lost scared confused	So glad these finals are almost over	0
I'm so done with scholarships and all these stupid interviews and deadlines, just make college free	I need to stay calm now so I don't get even more stressed. Sleeping little is bad for me.	0
I feel like everything is just not working out today. I need to get away.	I keep my time busy so I can be productive!	0
Instagram is down!! What will I do with all my food, dog, kid and selfie pictures?	I'm so thankful that I am still able to eat healthy even when I'm stressed.	0
Trying to do coursework So yeah please keep shouting at me cos that really helps! Feeling again :(	Having panic attacks is hard, I just need to remember to slow my breathing, and it will pass.	0
out, and I haven't even started packing yet I mean, seriously?! Thank goodness for tea, or Coke, hot showers, and books!	It entertains me to think about the different ways that exist to send electronic emails!!	0
Praying I do well on this cal 3 test today Or at least praying I don't die in the process	Only one week left before finals are all over, and I'm done with school for now. Going to rest then study for the finals.	0
What with someone's upcoming birthday and work my "flight or fight" radar is definitely on flight!! anxious	I think a few days logged off would be really great for my health.	0
I can get bored sometimes to the point where i start drakeing. I be in my feelings listening to that man.	I'm going to be mindful of the messages I'm sending out.	0
finish worked at half 7 only now having my tea then am going to bed	Whatever the result of my oral presentation will be, at least I will be done with it so I can move on to other stuff in my life.	0
For those who aren't stressed about finals, either your schedule is too easy or something's wrong with you	Helped shovel my sister's drive yesterday. Even though my shoulder is hurting now, it is always important to help family.	0
So stressed you could scream? This simple strategy can take you from panic to peace in a single phrase".	Even though there's a lot of papers handed out, I'm glad they will all help me with the exams.	0
Why does it take 1203 hours for library computers to log you in fffffssssss no time to waste	Finally time to watch Game of Thrones! I am fully prepared for this and quite excited too!	0
Feel like I'm going to have a mental breakdown, and I don't even know why.	I'm looking forward to finishing work and priorities so I can enjoy a bottle of Riesling.	0
so why not why cant i do homeschooling i dont like going to school anyways ughh frustrated stressing crying depression >;:(	It would be better if my teachers did projects on different days !	0
Job hunting getting me down again :-( Am gonna have to take a break or I'm gonna pull my hair out!	Haven’t been so busy in a while which I don’t like, so I hope this busy life comes to an end soon.	0
he was trying to talk to me this time and I was doing the yes.no.yep rudecow	I am going to write to my local government about the traffic problem.	0
I'm not good at dealing with uncertainty in my life, and I've got plenty of that right now.	I should not forget my keys.	0
6 difficult things to accomplish today that will use up 4 consecutive days of my schedule.	I'm working so hard on my finals I know that this will help me grow and prepare me for my career.	0
Between planning a trip to Europe, being an event intern, midterms, work, and keeping up with friends I'm about to go crazy	Only 20 school days left to go before the end of the school year!	0
Need football back. That's my thing, tried to go a season without and I can't do it	As soon as I finish my college work, I know I’ll be free of all burdens.	0
i wish i didnt have class so i could study all day instead of this stupid s**t	I don't intend to collapse! I'll just go home and watch Frozen.	0
So sick of this in-between stage. Just itching for something to happen. In need of a sign. Perhaps I should pray more confused	In 2 hours iI will be taking my second to last final and I hope to get ready by that time.	0
omg i hate falling out with my family makes me so upset and stressed dont need this sad	I can't wait to sit back and have a lovely glass of wine and chocolate after an annoying day.	0
All I seem to be doing lately is thinking back to about 2years ago, why does the past always look 10x better than it was	Physics is not my favorite subject as it is not necessary to learn “The Life cycle of a Star' to lead a normal life.	0
God, why have I got a cold sore and a massive spot on my face? You know I have a lot going on this coming week?	Dealing with my son's sickness can be overwhelming, but I'm grateful for being able to look after him.	0
Nahh to this job, it's sooo fucking boring! :@ why can't I find a job which I enjoy like the other one I had :/	I have several pieces of homework and tests coming up so I need to study	0
Wtf my love Zayn is not following my other loves Luke and Ashton? Why did Zayn unfollowed them wtf wtf wtf. ?!	I'm learning to understand why my parents think I'm not trying in school finals	0
Just when I feel like I'm getting ahead.10000 things go wrong and I'm no longer ahead :(	I need to focus on myself to get out of this situation	0
One of our cleaners os not well :-( Been running around all day trying to find replacements/ move the bookings around.	I'm planning on giving myself a nice reward after I finish my homework.	0
Is it weird that when I was a kid I constantly thought Id have to teach a man to fish one day? Like I dont even know how to fish, that was straight stressful!	I would be very happy if I could make you little and put you in my pocket.	0
Thanks for adding an unexpected 800 cost to our wedding budget with your delays, lost luggage and indifferent customer service replies	Even though my sister stole my phone, I’m happy to know that I can still feel emotions beyond anger.	0
Why did I fa asleep!!! No!!!! I have a whap exam tomorrow :( ugh byebye A	A very challenging semester, full of learning!	0
I don't know if I've ever looked forward to a weekend as much as a am at this moment InPain NeedRandR Tired	I am having a headache because of the long to- do list. I wish we could stop and get sorted.	0
tired BUZZING holiday clubbing drinks food URGGGHHH come on can't time go ny faster xx x	There are only 24 days and so much to do. But I am cent percent sure that I can pull through.	0
Theres more friction between my thighs than there was between the Soviet Union and the US during the cold war	I need to take my responsibility and do my own thing, many people trust me and I cannot leave them disappointed.	0
All three course schedules have been moved to online format. Now I just have to figure out how to communicate all the changes to my students and update all online materials to accommodate the new assignments	I have enough time to finish the school work I have for this semester if I stay focused.	0
So still on my hair and have got a studio session. :( stressed @ Omole estate	I thought my last test was terrible.	0
Anyone who did mrs noones web quest wanna help a sister out and send the answers desperate	Tired but gotta get my clean on!	0
The amount of stress I gain by trying to make my college decision is completely unhealthy.	I wasn't really myself today but I'm sure everyone knows that I'm acting out of character.	0
If this is how the term starts, I simply CANNOT wait for it to end Tired	Normally I'd be really excited about that, but I haven't made progress while I've been sick. But, I'm going to be better, my progress will increase again, and this will be great.	0
Where can I make my own invitations where it won't be expensive or take forever to get?? Help please asap!!	People sometimes prefer to be alone and that's normal.	0
Suppose to edit my English assessments this w/e but nope. I just wanna drag on my Geo assessment..	My dentist appointments never last as long as I think they will.	0
You somehow manage to turn everything I say into a lecture about school and getting 100% in everything	I am very grateful to have the strength to take care of my family when they are sick even though it is an exhausting task	0
Can run for President or nah? I wake up every day thinking  I wonder what f**kery awaits us today. overit	Waiting for breakdown people to come out. I would be glad ifyou could fix my car and send me away soon.	0
i honestly dont know if God is punishing me or testing me right now .	Not caring too much anymore, can’t wait to get to the LQ store!	0
This children's story will be the death of me. softball til 6:30 Not helping :(	I wonder if I should change my life so it can be better.	0
All I want to do after a long day at work is come home, turn on my Xbox and play/stream. Why does it seem like every time I do this there is yet another update? Feeling super frustrated, just ranting is all. overit	It would be really great if someone gave me a lot of chocolate right now!	0
Ughhh I just want to be done with finals and this essay  I hate everyone and everything breakdownscoming	My mother is on my back about school, I am sure she is only doing this because she loves me and want to see me succeed	0
I wish I could function with no sleep. I have so much school work to do this weekend. Too bad I can't pull off all nighters.	I may have a lot on my plate, but I also have the strength to handle all of it.	0
Okay so the website still won't work for me :( how do they expect me to collect points and do stuff when it won't even let me press any buttons to connect to things.	Today has been amazing ive only had one blip but who doesnt	0
Even though it's only been 2 days, I HATE working and going to college at the same time	Rest will feel so much better after all the work I have done! I can't wait to relax!	0
Well after typing 15pages on my Abnormal Psych paper, I would like to announce IM FINISHED!!!!! THANK YOU BABY JESUS!!!!!! tired	I know not to watch BBC1 as it's really awful, and I can find something to watch that makes me feel better.	0
listening to some creepy sounds, jumpscares, horror stuffs. tas nakaearphones pa and patay ilaw. Ka	It's important for me to get to work earlier than to be late!	0
All I'm doing this weekend is homework, homework, homework, and more homework  Can't wait until this semester is over!!	I hope the coming days bring better luck and I get out of this slump very soon.	0
very disappointed poor customer service don't even acknowledge correspondence and victim of 3rd party damage	I should improve my grades in AP World which has deteriorated from A to a B.	0
It's 5am and I still cant fall asleep. Tomorrow is going to be awful. cantsleep mindracing	I must stop having unnecessary conversations that go nowhere, or I will keep getting angry.	0
So me trey rob jah have to do a mine but I rather me and trey and rob Becuh all three of us can why not mines to hard.	Im really hungry but at least I can have a nice meal when I get back home from the food shop.	0
This is the most stressful game of golf I have ever played!! holein21 ijusthitsomeone sorry!!	I have two and a half hours before I will let myself take a shower. I want to get as much studying in as possible.	0
sent 10 emails before 6:15 a.m. feeling productive but i might regret this later when i'm exhausted at 10am	I have trouble sleeping, maybe I could use this time to be productive instead of sleeping.	0
This is driving me nuts, I don't wanna be stuck with this all day :(	I'm glad I took exams to find out soon how to treat my shoulder	0
stressed Feeling beat down having to pursue something I hate at school rather then continuing to work on what I truly love	I'm feeling like I'm going to collapse. I hope it will get better soon.	0
Not having a car really sucks. Especially if you have not a clue it's whereabouts Sorry for the vent sesh twitter friends.	ha and avoiding it by posting it on twitter!	0
midterms got me not being able to sleep for more than 2 hours at a time	I need to take a bit and reset my mental and gain confidence back into myself. School and work has been a toll on me.	0
Next week consists of three tests, two rough drafts due, and somehow finding time to be with my valentine! wowww	I know my GSW paper can improve so I'm going to work to make it as best I can	0
There is always that special person that no matter what they've done to you, you just can't let them go confused	I have a lot of work to do today but it's all going to be worth it when I get into a great college.	0
Why is it so hard to go through your closet and get rid of stuff? It's not like I wear 75% of it anyway	I'm in a bad mood today and don't want to do anything. I think I'll take the day off to relax and take care of myself.	0
Wat was a fun day turned out to get worse now im locked out my house and i dnt have my keys	Last year might not have been a good year, but I know if I just focus 2018 will start to look up.	0
I'm , depressed, and undressed. I thought my early twenties were supposed to be the time of my life? Instead I just lay around my house wasting my youth. Can covid be over yet? I want to go make irl friends but I moved soon after this shit began.	I understand that people that work at malls deserve to go back to their home and rest.	0
Ugh so I have to buckle down and look for colleges but I'm like allergic to school is that a legit excuse to never go ?	Helping others with stressful courses. Club Z	0
Having to do everything for this trip is just way too much to handle. I think I may have a break down	Now that I've got my cup of Yorkshire Tea I can relax and forget about being anxious and angry.	0
Signing off of Twitter in the next day or two. Just tired of all the drama over here. I don't need to be this over SocialMedia. It has beeninteresting.	These past two weeks have been really rough, but I'm glad I managed to get through it. Looking back, it's not too bad!	0
ya it's nice having my own car but damn its stressful having to leave right from school and go right to work just to afford my car.	I have a lot to catch up on at work, but the week off was fun.	0
I hate how the class that stresses me out more than anything is one I dont actually need for grad school but just for wsu.. iquit	I would love to be done with my BA Degree so that I can then relax and move ahead in life.	0
Can't I for 1 day be on the top of someone's list? I jus feel so unimportant lately.. sad unappreciated lonely ineedlove	It is extremely good to have all the seven dimention of health at the top so you feel good.	0
It really screwed me up tonight. It's impossible to work when your mind is somewhere different. NoFocus	All I need to do is pack and do my homework them I’m ready to leave.	0
Sick as a dog Only going to make my week a lot harder on me	I'm glad now I have a chance to unwind with a glass of wine!	0
I can't go back to sleep but I'm so tired my eyes hurt help sotired	Survived Day1 of Exams This recent post is to tell that the worst still I have to study.	0
studying for history quiz -.- cant get a bad grd on this quiz bored cantconcentrate history AP panicking	It seems like there aren't enough hours in a day, because I have much to do in a little time. But I'm smart, and I know I'll be able to finish my tasks.	0
I have a college essay for English due in 4 hours and I still don't know what to write about!	I worry too much but hopefully I willmeet with my advisor soon and everything will go back to normal.	0
No one understands how bad my sleeping schedule is messed up, where did the time go?	I had a busy day at work but I'm grateful for a job.	0
Someone should totally write my comp paper for me. So much to do in so little time.	As soon as I find my NI card I can call tax credits about my renewal pack.	0
Dear challenges, I thank you for each learning experience that you give me. But, give me a small break at least	I need to go to the gym, but I also need to get my life and other random thoughts together. The time is short, but I'll figure it out how to fix this, and everything will be fine.	0
All summer long I didn't break out and now that school started.. I broke out. :(	Today without a doubt it was not one of the best days of my life, but the problems in the car are making things more difficult. help me goood.	0
I felt like I've lived in the library for the past few days studying for this Biology Exam	I have to do my daily works properly.	0
Feeling pathetic because im stressing over my first GCSE GodHelpMe when it comes to the end of Year11 Exams	I am a very prepared person, and even though I already think I have studied a lot for this five-chapter test, I feel that I can still do much more.	0
These days lately seem so routine :/ not liking everything being routine week after week..	The terrible twos have definitely given me a reason to enjoy a pint today!	0
Worst day of my life right now. Car died. What else can happen to me right now?!	This week has not been going good, and I hope the next one takes a good turn.	0
I think all the balls I am currently juggling are about to come crashing down	I am thankful for the coworkers I have since the job I do is stressful.	0
I need a dang job already. Why do I have to be so shakey and nervous during interviews?!?!?! :( interview whatswrongwithme	Things seem to be going wrong this week. Hope things improve for the next week.	0
I just need one person I can whine and complain to for a solid 5 minutes to make me feel better.	Being a person with obligations shouldn’t embarrass me.	0
When things in life get you down Sometimes it sends a pair of boots to stomp on you repeatedly too	I want to tell you something but I feel I shouldn't. However, I think I should focus on the good aspects and ignore what I feel.	0
Just submitted paper 2 for the week. Research paper due tom. Whoever designed seminary to end near Christmas and Easter was a loon.	Not a good day. Times like this I just want my dad for advice, and a cuddle. But I'm sure tomorrow will be better.	0
Did I mention I absolutely hate the cold? Cause I do, oh that and blistering winds.	I can't wait to be finished with the controlled assessments for my favorite subject History.	0
Im in a constant battle with myself over being productive during this whole pandemic, theres so much shit going on all the time, this generation has made it clear that we are gonna be the change we want, but it is so hard to do that and plan ur future at the same time	Even though it is frustrating, I have to finish this job, there is no other way out.	0
Today was such a pointless day I've been on FaceTime with destini literally all day and laying in bed	I'm going to stop holding everything in and vent when I need to.	0
Why do I tend to over react on things and absorb the negative vibes??? Urgh! :(( BV GO AWAY! :'|	I need to take better care of myself and see a doctor.	0
the fear i have of waking up one autumn morning and being too pale for my summer foundation	Even though there was a candidate I don't approve of on the ballot, I admire the hard work it took for him to appear on a voting ballot.	0
Stress! The worst worst attack which can happen to anyone. Hate it. Cannot deal with it, cannot ignore it either stress	The fact that I have to move it means new opportunities will open up for me.	0
Playing on 2 soccer teams, working, school and moving houses at the moment is way to much for me tired needabreak :(	Hopelessly waiting is so typical for a Monday.	0
Damn I hate I got out and now most my close bro's dead or locked up too, feel like I missed the world	Im finding this assignment really hard but I’m sure I will crack it soon.	0
I feel sick to my stomach. everyone is finding out that they got in places that I applied to and I'm not hearing anything.	Sometimes I dread that this semester may in fact kill me, but I know I will survive it and hope that things will be better next semester	0
Feeling overwhelmed with everything I need to do in the next few weeks need to make a plan of action and stay awake to get it all done	I wish Monday will arrive soon, so that this weekend will be over.	0
Dance was my escape. I am really missing it. If I wasn't risking permanent injury I would dance all night. thestruggle	Really hoping the thing will be better and I dont have to cancel my birthday trip.	0
Just finished writing an obligatory article. I'm unhappy with it, and that's that. It was turned in. Darn it. writing	Using my free time after work to do important things. Go me	0
stressed with a smile on my face. True Virgo always gotta stayStrong for the Team	You can have faith that God's plan will see you through	0
Im sad that I didnt manage front row seats. Work is still busy. Sigh. sad	I'm exhausted but glad I'm finally getting some rest.	0
I seriously cannot wait till after April 1st. I just want to know about Devon already	Although I am not learning, I need little grade for this internship. A C and it's already great.	0
When you go to the ER for back pain only to find out youre PREGNANT!  A BABY at 30 though?!  Here we go   13weeks Stressed omg BabyOnBoard Hoping for another boy  Teamboy . This post is from someone on Facebook	Getting old is about learn how to deal with life events impermanence, i.e, accept them. I'm on the way!	0
I know Im going to be one of those stressed out dads cause my dog had a small little bump and I freaked out and took him to the vet dadlife doglife marty	Prom should be interesting because I am making plans without anyone getting back to me.	0
rough draft is due tomorrow for the end of course research paper and I don't even have a fucking topic.	If nothing else, insomnia is always a convenient excuse to binge my favorite shows!	0
I've been feeling like shit for the past couple of days and now is not the time. Finals on Monday and I haven't started studying	I hope I go to work in a better frame of mind and have a calm shift today.	0
Oh just one of those times when I curl up into a ball on the floor and cry my eyes out. Yeah, it's one of those days	This is the morning of the last exam. I don't know much and didn't sleep very nicely, but If I think positive, I'm sure I'll do well.	0
I must say, this is the worst day I've had in close to a year.	This wasn't a great night of sleep, hopefully I can stay sharp at school to be able to learn	0
All I want to do is sit down for 10 minutes and not have to worry about a single damn thing	Quarantining for the next week. It won't last forever!	0
Well slowly but surely all this will be over with and ill be in Florida	I overcame the exams easily than doing the regular homework.	0
People who still think it's safe to "take a quick dip" when there's thunder are THE WORST	I am really looking forward to being able to drink some beers and relax	0
feel like I'm being sent into war without a gun before every one of these bloody exams, thank god tomorrow is finally the last!	I will take good care of my health, so I won't get sick when the next school year starts!	0
I hate waking up with that knot in my stomachnot a way I wanted to start my morning overthinking nosleep	Sometimes I appear mighty like the ocean but there are times like today when I feel like sinking in it. There are ups and downs in everyone’s life.	0
Today has been more business talks and serious discussions than the whole of my 2015! Stressed iNeedToThink	I need some help with math.	0
Lewis feels the need to smack me when he gets hard. Who knows a emergency help line for bellends	I am sorry about being sick and negative, but I wish someone would instill positive vibes in me.	0
When i'm or emotional I turn to music as a release and I meditate usually to	Life is being a bit hard on me, but I hope to get over it soon.	0
how can i possibly try to concentrate on finals when i am just sitting here wondering if ryan day will reach daddy status before block next year? :/	Venting my stress is a good option, especially if I do different activities.	0
Tomorrow will consist of reconvening my job search and endlessly applying, applying, applying! Wish me luck angels and forgive me if I seem a bit absent from time to time!  bloggerstribe bloggers lbloggers jobsearch	I have not been able to text or call today, but I'm so thankful for moving even if it's inconvenient.	0
I have 40 plus pages of sketchbook work, 2 boards, and packing and supply hunting to do all by Saturday pretty much..	This weekend, my mom keeps telling me to apply for colleges, and I am doing very little about it.	0
Why does the biggest football game of the year always have to involve Alabama ? alabamafanproblems	I wish to make crab ragoon and I hope to get the link soon.	0
It's so stressing with 4 pieces of 1 hour long homework a week I want to relax!	Time to work on my study strategies, so I can get my grades up for college!	0
Why does transferring have to be so complicated and why doesn't my coach do everything for me anymore??	I wish I can stop time, take a break, lie on the bed and do nothing.	0
So stressed I think once all the school traffic is gone I might take my mutts on a long quiet walk and think	I want to know when our holiday is coming up, so I can organize myself	0
can you give me some kind of consideration, please! >;_<; u know na hindi ako pwede pg Sunday :'( .. still lot of stuff to do ..	I'm looking forward to fall break, even if I have to do stuff during the break I'll at least get some things done, which I'm thankful for.	0
So much Uni work, night shifts at tomorrow and next week and then placement the week after.. January is a very busy month :(	Stayed away from Twitter for a while as I've been too busy catching up on various fronts.	0
I hope this shift would be way way way much better than yesterday's shift. Last night's shift was a crap!	I can't wait to get done with these essays today.	0
Why do I just keep feeling like I'm going to break down and cry? StayStrong	I think I will feel better after I have had a long rest and stayed in bed for a while.	0
If my mental state isnt 100% why do people keep poking and making jokes about me. annoyed	I don't feel good, because I really don't like Marxism and Othello. But I'm going to be positive and keep studying, because complaining isn't going to take me anywhere.	0
So I've been shopping since 2 to find an outfit for my birthday and I've only bought a pair of false nails..	I'm glad to have a partner in life no matter what anyone else thinks.	0
is tired, , exhausted and in need of a hug. If only I could see the light at the end of the	Selena is going through a rough time. We need to help her to succeed because she deserves it.	0
My schedule has been so packed lately, it sucks I just wanna chill out.	Life has been busy these times! I need a couple of months to rest.	0
When ur driving test gets cancelled and u have to wait another 2 months for it  and the worse thing is, my theory test runs out the day after.. so I really need to pass this time	I'm nervous about my exam because I havent had much time to study, but it will all be over soon!	0
Need to sit down and breathe and deal with it all one at a time.	Piano is a great way to relieve stress and get my mind off the world. Recommend	0
GameOfThronesSeason6 edgeofseat Season 6 opener and I need to know what happens about EVERYTHING! So desperate for episode 2	I have been doing a good job staying active in school groups lately.	0
I don't even want to get up and get to the bus stop, or even school. unmotivated tired help	Sometimes sudden crying is for the body to relax	0
The worst part about being sick is not being able to work out  Working out is my Zoloft, my Valium, and my anger management class	Life is dealing with the stressful moments and it makes us better.	0
Awake way too early again! Haven't slept properly in over a week now! tired sleepproblems	I'm very stressed and tired, but I hope I can resist it!	0
I'm not sure today could go any worse. Lilly's screaming at me while trying to write and re-write test cases is not helping.	Sei que há coisas com sons irritantes principalmente a noite, mas entendo que são coisas boas, pessoas vivendo felizmente suas vidas.	0
On the way to Anime North way behind schedule. We had to finish cosplays this morning. (((()))))))	Waiting for my replacement card just makes me feel more anxious and excited.	0
Facebook or Calculus or Piano or Twitter or Cake Boss or Grey's Anatomy or College Applications or Reviews or Physics?	I'm really excited about Friday coming up soon, and I can rest	0
NOW: i have to make my written reports and power.point ooohhh gosh ! u= i need to be wide awake O.O StudentLife	I am going to sleep for a few hours so that I am able to understand the topic better when I wake up.	0
When the first thing you do when you get home is go up to your room and cry	Though this week has been an emotional roller coaster, I am glad it is coming to an end	0
somebody: what's wrong? me: one of my children are about to die. i'm angry and	We should accept what comes in our life.	0
since returning I've been working like crazy setting up my notes and samples for analysis and publication	I have to write an essay and I hate writing essays but at least I’m not in education anymore.	0
It's always right when I wanna sleep that these dumb thoughts go thru my head.	NASH fashion show is in like 2 months, and I'm not even half way done with my dress yet, I know that with hard work I will finish it in time though!	0
Have you ever been so tired and stressed you cried at McDonalds when you accidentally got pop on your hand crying yesIdidThat	I'm really stressed at the moment but when all this stuff is out the way I can relax.	0
Some time I wonder what the hell did I do wrong and sometimes it's nothing other than the world against one and that one is you	Being organized is the best way to be systematic at work and home and be relaxed at all times.	0
Please tell me already! I don't know how much longer I can wait! HopeIsFading Worried	My dad moved, but it must have been for the best I bet there is still a way to see my siblings.	0
No matter how hard I try I can't stop thinking about things god why do these things always happen to me	It took me an hour in a half to complete two job applications online. It's very long, but I'm sure it's going to worth it.	0
please someone tell me that im not the only person where they have lectures clashing with practicals of other classes?	Spring break was not a long enough break, still I have to enjoy it.	0
Worst lesson ever, head was all over the place:( and Chris was a right prick:(	It took all night, but I got the just giving form done. Going to try to set a bit of a charity link next. I'll be glad to have it done!	0
Working 16 hours almost every day for 2 weeks is not going to be fun exhausted and	This paper is almost done, which means I can enjoy myself a drink after.	0
my skin has never been great, but it has never been this bad either :( workstress workworkwork	I wish I owned my own gym so I can go whenever I want, hope that soon I am able to go again!	0
Having mock presentations and spanish final on the same day is probably one of the worst class combinations I could think of.	I hope I go to bed early going forward whenever I have an early start so that I don't spend time dressing up in the dark.	0
I swear I've cried more in the past two weeks than the past two years!	I type so fast it's one of my best skills	0
It really sucks that I been putting myself through college by myself. Working multiple jobs just to pay tuition	I can’t believe my baby is going to be due soon this is such an amazing time for me just need to sort out the baby shower.	0
Not sure what to do anymore. Just want to make the most of school, not long left and then that's it. Not sure what to do!	You may find me huddled in a corner clutching a bag and an espresso It makes me feel good.	0
WHAT kind of teacher makes ONE very vague paper count for 40 points of your final grade.	I have a lot going on at the end of spring break, but I'm thankful I have the patience to handle it all.	0
About to have a mental breakdown about this senior project, and school, and college, and work, and life.	I have to catch up on my goals for the week.	0
If anyone can recover missing files on a Mac, i need help in the most extreme way	The school and the teachers help me to grow as a person.	0
Paper due tomorrow morning, final exam tomorrow afternoon, next exam on Tuesday and two exams on Thursday.	When you're feeling a little overwhelmed and anxious, it really helps to take some time for yourself	0
These next couple of weeks are going to suck. Attempting to prepare myself for the mental breakdowns	there is lot of think that will help you relieve your stress!	0
Feeling stressed over what is lacking in your life? Take a moment to focus on your abundance and get back in touch with	I need to fix my screen, so I can work with ease on my projects.	0
All Im focused on at the moment is feeling normal but at this point I am not sure what that feels like.	I can't wait to get 8 hours of sleep and get back to my normal routine.	0
How the fuck am I supposed to get 1000 hours of internships with 15 credits a semester and 3 jobs. Anyone?	I'm working on bettering myself by eating good food, and I will find healthy restaurants close to me.	0
Still gotta get my spring schedule done since 2/5 class of mine were closed fml	I should fix my car soon so that I can go out shopping and get some peace of mind.	0
It's 1am and I just got home from Brittons and I haven't started packing and I'm tired and leave in 7 hours	I don't like people who deny the most obvious things, like grow a pair and admit it. However, people are different, and that's life. I can't change it.	0
This has been the most up and down day ever, overall feeling NotGood Annoyed Angry Tired Hurt	Taken 2 and a half hour to get home from work. In all the way I can enjoy the view.	0
Hate feeling like this. Can't wait to be home for a few days. Need some quality mom time. mommasgirl homesick needher	I hope I get to sleep soon so that I can have a fresh start tomorrow.	0
It's only tues and I just want to hibernate from the world already  youngcarer tired	Working out makes me feel less stressed, especially with this exam coming up.	0
So a total of 12 hours sleep over the past 3 nights is really not ideal for my last exam tomorrow	Writing my essays. 2 typed lines = 6 written lines. This is going to take a long time.	0
Ugh. I had such a good day today. Now I'm in such a spiteful, bitchy mood. And I don't even know why. frustrated	After my final is over tomorrow, I will take a long nap and rejuvenate.	0
Missing those days of summer where the only worry was if you were not getting tan enough.	My boyfriend’s nonexistent driving skills have taught me that I must learn to do things on my own.	0
I never wear earrings, so this morning when I only remembered to put one on, I was completely justified. Logic	I am blessed to have my mom in my life who is able to recognize exactly how I feel.	0
buying a dress for NYE is an impossible mission whilst the stupid sales are on! hate	When I am done with school, I will be so happy.	0
I'm never gonna get those grades up no matter how much I try /.\ :(	After one month I get attacks in my sleep I think I have to consult the doctor	0
I think at this point I'm a pro when it comes to putting a fake smile on my face. actress stressed	I will have to work on my exam review all night but it is worth it to get a good job later.	0
Just smoked 3 cigarettes after each other, lighting the 2nd with the 1st and 3rd with the 2nd	These guys in the study room are bothering everyone else with their noise I hope they are asked to leave.	0
Professor Hasell funky booty ass decided to give us our final next Thursday.. Which is the same day the final paper is due smh	I was already crying in my dreams, then I woke up crying too. But I'm glad it was just a nightmare, and everything's fine.	0
Off to my casual job. If only a career in acting was as respectable in Australia as it is overseas. actorslife	The later you find a place to rent, the greater the reward when you get it.	0
I'm freaking out because I thought I had a plan, but now it doesn't seem so sure.	Hoping to go to bed early tonight is not impossible it only just take some more time.	0
This year is really stressing me out my classes are hard no matter how hard I study and everything iscoming at me so fast :( help	Im sure things will be less bad soon, hope my boo is doing amazing.	0
Is it sad that I don't wanna be at home right now and kinda wish that work would call me in early.	I only have one page left to write of my paper which makes me so happy.	0
UP27 late AGAIN. Had to drive in AGAIN. 1st day of term. What am I paying for?? COME ON. firstdayofschool	Knowing exactly what you want and having to wait is much better than not knowing what you want.	0
Chill out time at Olas now though tired workload madness emotional and I'm dreading tomorrow	Im still awake and it‚Äôs late but at least tomorow night I will be exhausted.	0
I just need to be held tight and told that everything will be alright sadface	I'm glad my mother was there for me when I needed her and still wants to support me while I'm leaving.	0
Are you ever stressed because you feel like youre running out of time, but not because you have a deadline, but time as in everyday as if life is passing you by? QuestionOfTheDay	The consideration of university professionals about us could slightly improve the picture.	0
I really shouldn't be needing to do this much work to plan my bachelorette party. Ugh. frustrated	I love buying things, it's the best. Shopping is hard work but it's worth it.	0
Why does it seem that everything always have to go wrong? Ugh I can't deal with this right now	I’ve been unwell but I can catch up on all my work now.	0
Why is it so difficult to find sources for animal science in the librarythis is an agricultural school	I cannot wait to take break and stay in Irondequoit. A break from everyone in Red Creek would be very welcome.	0
Trying to keep a dog from jumping while taking care of a 1 year old preemie (an immune compromised family) especially during a pandemic is not easy momlife BTW there are no size 4 diapers!! parentschoicediapers pampers QuarantineLife luvs People pls stop hoarding!	I don't like the nights when I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep, but it's just my anxiety talking. I'll take a sleeping pill and be okay	0
I think I may start smoking, either that or I'm going to throw myself in front of a very heavy train.	Some people need to grow up. They make me so angry that Iwish they could change for the better.	0
Been trying to book a holiday with for the past 7 hours ,Just pick one !	I'll just write more tomorrow, and then I'll definitely have time to rest!	0
Two quizzes in spanish, a quiz in anatomy, and a test in american studies tomorrow.	The fact that I spent a lot of money means I had money to spend	0
In so much pain. I hate being sick. My neck fucking hurtttttts. stressed" I can relieve headaches without tylenol ;)	I am sorry that I haven’t slept the whole night and the sun is up now. Hope to have a nice day.	0
fuck fuck fuck fuck maths ew projects maths i hate you why cant i do it	I'm going to take my mind off things and have some fun.	0
I feel like death, but at least I finished my homework due today Still so much more to do	I would be happier knowing	0
So I finally complete my ripping of the Pertwee stories after my hard drive destroyed them same error comes about and wipes them again! DoctorWho	Im ready for a good night sleep after a busy week.	0
Trying to get ahold of someone at the Illinois dept of Employment Security is nearly impossible. I don't understand why I can't talk to a legit human. I have been without pay since 3/20/20  common	I am excited to look forward to reach Sydney soon as I am tired of all the procedures like bank, passport etc.	0
Think when I get home im going to spend time with my family and nobody else. Tired of the bullshit	I think we should all help out Selena then she will be happy and not fail.	0
Starting to get ancy stressed delayed again annoyed twi @ Charlotte Douglas International Airport (CLT)	Even though my uncle is in ICU right now, I'm just thankful he's alive and getting the care that he needs.	0
Feel like calling out of work bc I have so much hw due tomorrow nd not even half of it is done	This may sound superficial, but I am really happy and thankful for this Starbucks in Centennial	0
Sometimes I wish I didn't like cigarettes so much. Other times, they are my savior.	Now I am able to understand why seniors give up in the middle of the last year and I am sure that with a little more effort I will make it!	0
Since it's been a long week and tomorrow is my only day off I don't see why I need to get out of bed sleepy	Even though I sacrifice sleep, I'm glad that I can help people when they need me to.	0
I'm so torn between this that it makes me sick. Wish I could just look into the future to know which choice is right	I'm closer to achieve my goals! Everything will be worth it!	0
getting crazier than ever b'cause next week is the standardized testt arhh stressed maths science	Can't wait for my 21st birthday I have a cold sore but no ones going to care.	0
I hate seeing people have weed in movies haha it just makes me wanna smoke	Thinking about starting a new business venture	0
Why does the beginning of the week always look so hopeless?! So much to do, so little time!	I would be happy if this weekend flies away fast and midterms are over soon.	0
Well this is gonna be hard week! Not knowing if you have job or not	I am happy to survive the last 2 days. I am going to spend some time having fun.	0
First I have a religion unit test,then a science test,and a literature test on four short stories! Omg I have to study	The feeling that the decisions of mine are wrong, is making it hard for me to make decisions. I must do something about it, though I dont know what to do.	0
Could my day possibly get any worse? Like seriously, I cannot wait to go workout and let it all out.	I'm doing my best to memorize terms for this Apush test, and I hope I'll do well.	0
I've only been in my new job for a week and a half and already I'm working weekends and still behind.	Most of January has passed by. So stress levels can be kept at bay by sleeping well and thinking positively.	0
2nd attempt at having tooth out shortly. Hope gas and air is better than a local!	I think I should take some rest and give my brain some rest so that I am refreshed in the coming days.	0
Arg!!! Can not sleep  on a overnight busybusy To much on my mind stressed, ache all over.	I'm finishing my homework lessons and soon after that I will relax for the next day.	0
Just realized, in the past 2 days, all I'v had a is a bowl of soup and a sandwich and have only gotten 4 hours of sleep	It's good to have the opportunity to take the dogs out with my mom or my dad, it's a great opportunity to talk and be close to them	0
I think I know business studies until I look at past papers then feel like crying. Why did I choose it for a level again.	Getting up late proves to me that I can’t be perfect in every way, and I’m fine with it.	0
I have the feeling I'll be drinking a lot of soda in the next few days.	I don't know if I am the only person not in time for the yoga class. But my teacher would appreciate me if I am punctual	0
Rent is due, cell phone is due, electric is due and unemployment hasnt came through	I'm looking forward to these next three weeks! I'm sure my days will be very exciting!	0
If your pet gets stressed out with fireworks talk to us as soon as possible. Many of the therapies work best if started well in advance.	Not feeling great but I will stay calm untill I have seen a doc sure it will be fine.	0
Skipped breakfast, didn't want lunch, munch on a few crackers and sick at the thought of dinner	I value short breaks in life!	0
Crazy few weeks ahead. Tomorrow back at the radio station, and next week starting gym and work/classes. HELP!	Relishing every bit of the venti white chocolate mocha thats helping me stay awake while studying for my final exams.	0
I am seriously going to pull my hair out if I don't find a Prom dress soon !!!	Cannot go to basketball because I have a lot of Hw. This frustration could be avoided by time management. From here on out I must change.	0
Last day at work before the wedding still lots to organise! Getting married near end of the tax year was not a great plan	But when I rely on myself, good things happen.	0
it took me 20 minutes to get to business, should have only took me 10, I hate this fucking weather	Last night was tired with all the family emotions, I'm in bed pampering myself now!	0
So um there were a few questions on the test that I was a little confused about	I have not made any videos which is stressful, but I am getting on new vids ASAP!	0
Sick of my sister whining to get her own way.. I have a dissertation and three ad campaigns to be doing and I get no sympathy	I will get amazing grades this year.	0
chalk it down!!! Only for the feed and bottle of wine I'd be after loosing my mind !	I hope I am able to help anyone who is struggling with feeling alone or requiring motivation to move forward.	0
I'm so fed up of dealing with these stupid house bills! Seriously sort it out!	I think that look suits me! I think getting something a little larger would be great for you as well Kate!	0
I'm sorry if you work for a phone company, but I personally hate you. Fuck them	I'm going to be very sleepy up in 3 hours, because I can't sleep. But I'm going to take a sleeping pill, enjoy these few hours of sleep, and everything will be okay!	0
Seriously ?? I try and book one week later (still 14 weeks ahead) and the price goes up $260 a person? insane	It is great to have options for choosing my university.	0
sadly I can't look because I can't get distracted because this paper is due tomorrow screwed	If I don't do well on the real estate law exam it means that I can move forward with other things which means new opportunities.	0
I picked a bad year to give up smoking! Grrrnotsmoking givingup keepitup losingwilltolive losingmymind reasontostayatit	My laptop is old but I should be thankful I have one when so many people can't afford it.	0
I can't deal with this stupid assignment these things need to be made out in basic English	Really wish they would explain the decision not to release the December past paper for March students.	0
I wish I was one of those people who could complain about having nothing to do. I've never enough time to be bored thingstodo	The finals have affected me. But I hope to pass it by all means.	0
That moment when you realize that you're going to be poor and unable to pay for school next	I feel like drinking two hours after waking up, but I know I can resist the urge.	0
I can't wait to get out of this town to start a semi new life Cause I'm done with Dalton and the people here Annoyed	I'm excited to choose my courses for the upcoming school year!	0
Its 8pm and im in bed ready to sleepI hate school and all the stress that comes along with it feelinthepressure	There's always something to annoy me, today it's the car. But, instead of get stressed out, I'll pay more attention to things that make me feel good.	0
If you're not happy then you need to tell me so I can move on and leave you alone.	I am so glad to have this opportunity to be a friend and a leader at the same time.	0
my mum just asked me when I'm going to stop being in such a bad mood. put me in a worse mood!! exams	I am a feel free worker, so I have many hours in my life.	0
In that impossible spot where I gotta choose to see family or friends. Wish I had more time down here	Can wait to finish packing the suitcase and get to the hotel to relax.	0
Can't take her shit much longer. I just wana chuck her a cement mixer and throw in water and soap!	I know that if I let myself think about what others expect me to do for them, then I will be happy and work on myself.	0
Can I crawl in a hole and not come out till about may 11th? Maybe my life would have slowed down by then.	I can't wait to get home so that I can get a good night's rest and stay away from all the negative people in my life.	0
Is it the end of the semester yet? I'm sick of studying for finals and writing 7-10 pages for a paper.	I can't wait to be finished with school so that I can look forward to other things in life.	0
it's lookin up and that's a start, might not be on the radio but this is art and I just wanna get by that's the biggest	I can't wait for the school year to finish so that I can start with my vacations.	0
It's that time of year where student stress out, coffee runs at 1am and wanting to know when it will b all over	Things are complicated and difficult now, but it makes life a challenge. I will become a stronger person for it.	0
With the biggest test of my life 4 days away I am .2 seconds away from a breakdown every other minute! NPTExam	Despite my stress that won't let me sleep, I should use this time to be grateful for what I have	0
This is Crazy  I might be without a Phone, This shit makes me wana cry.I want things back too Normal.. i Lost My Best Friend and Everything closed around Me, cant pay my bills cause things are closed! You Have to be stuck in the house..cause of this virus Tired	Working is something you have to prepare for your life.	0
We should make time for intentional breathing everyday. Often we hold our breath when we are overwhelmed, , or anxious. Remember to exhale so that you can release the negativity and make space for all the positivity life has to offer. teachpos	I love going to the gym.  It really helps me relieve the stress in my life, especially the punching bag!	0
2 of my starters in fantasy are out and one of them is aj green	I need to learn to stop grinding my teeth and clenching my jaw so much since it gives me migraines.	0
Today has just not been my day. I'm gonna need some serious grace to get through until 10:30. Exhausted	I am thankful that I am healthy enough to hit the gym and workout.	0
A levels are so hard, everyday I come home and I just want to cry!	I will be so happy when it is over!	0
1 exam down. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam	Only a while left before my houseguest leaves, learned a lot about how long to let someone stay!	0
Getting away for a few days could not have come at a better time, roll on tomorrow needabreak	Being a nursing student is expensive but at least by the end of it I will make the money back.	0
Had my first brake down about the wedding today. Have a feeling it could be the first of many.	I wish my health is back to normal so that I am done with all these medical tests.	0
So glad I get the weekend off but to bad I have to study all weekend collegekidprobs	This job is a bit boring and I feel a drink would make me feel better.	0
Imagine every single gyal u dm sent u no1 even had the decency to send u .	I hope I can work up my imagination to be able to imagine the olden days in color. It is pretty hard.	0
Nvr fkn again will i procrastinate on my hw. Didntt even fully finish my essay but i am too sleepy. Gnite :/	Sorry guys, no streaming today.  I have lots of homework which puts me out of the mood.  Maybe tomorrow.  Have a good night, everyone.  As always, game on!	0
Went to get wine 2night. Had to show 3proofs of ID cos he was convinced I was 12. Maybe it's because of how broken out my face is.	That's not the best news I've been told, but everyone has bad days.	0
The outline I just printed is disgusting.. 42 pages later.. makes me not want to go to the dance	House hunting is stressful. We should try to make the most of the time we have at home before trying to buy our own.	0
depressed angry This was my day. A tough one that I'm glad is over. Though I don't hold high hopes for tomorrow.	I may not be getting my tax returns now but it will be like a huge bonus in a few weeks!	0
I wish I had half the energy that I need to get some work done for school. ineedsleep	I'm trying to get myself ready for the next 4 weeks.	0
So I get to work to be the opener for the first time, and someone didn't put the key back in the lock. Opened and hour late today.	I swear that for every hour of sophistication I have I get 5 hours of homework.	0
gcseresultsday2016 man dreding 2moz i only have 9 hours and 15 mintues till i get them	All I want is for one easy going day. I really feel like that will happen soon!	0
Wow our Internet would go out half an hr before my hw is due. irritated	I would love a good break from my work so that I can clear my head and get some peace of mind.	0
when will we learn not to leave uni reports til last minute silly committed	Eleven turnovers in the 1st half eleven! Hope Jamies’s hair escapes from becoming grey.	0
Lapho chiiii umsebenzi ("-_-) " : RT !!!! " : I'm finding it so hard to study for my last exam	Trying to figure out how to fix this problem so, I don't have to go back and forth all the time.	0
ahhhhhh I hate you ;) haha! Aw thankyou I've been so zoned out the last through days though	At class presentations, no one cares what you have to say, and you don't care what they have to say. But it has to be done, because it's a form of evaluation, and you have to learn to deal with it.	0
Those days where you just want to cry so you sit down and watch a sad movie and wallow in self pity sad	Even though my plans fell through tonight at least now I can try and catch up on some sleep.	0
Really dislike hospitals . Been here for five hours and still waiting to be seen.	I can't wait until this weekend! #ImReady	0
Had quite a nice chilled weekend planned - funny how one email can change all that	I am eagerly awaiting to finish my English paper due, a math test and history test, so that I can hang out with my friends.	0
Everything is just going through my head right now. Thinking of so much. Bothered like crazy.	Even though today was not a good day, I'm thankful that I'm at least alive.	0
When I can't sleep I think about all the negative things that happened to me..	Ill start small and improve from there	0
Work all day to get grief at night! Get me to a desert island with a few of my favourites!	I am scared to become a driver, but I know I can learn to become a better driver.	0
Finals on Friday and I'm not even half way done with one of my classes. Lord help me.	I just hope and pray I could fall asleep at night and start dreaming which I am unable to at present .	0
I have lost a stone within the last month?! That's crazy!! My 14 year old sister weighs more than me?! Is this real?	I need to relax after a long day, I will feel better after that!	0
My lip is bleeding. But I aint mad. Iv learned to embrace my coldsore. Live together in peace. I even gave it a name (no I didn't)	I hope I get a good night's sleep and clear my head so that I have a good day tomorrow.	0
Brilliant when on day one of uni the computer decides to crash and delete EVERYTHING. Going to be a looong year	You can achieve all your goals if you work hard enough.	0
I hate T1D currently fighting ketones in my T1, can't seem to get them down. Giving it 3 more hours and if no change, then off to the ER we go. Type1Diabetes	Obama grew gray and wise while in office.	0
So much work to catch up on with so little time and such vague descriptions of what I actually need to do	For me chemistry is really challenging, just like learning a foreign language, but the greatest challenges bring the biggest rewards	0
Wish I was an electrician, new hob had come and can't get it to bloody work	I'll perform better if I don't look at all the tests and finals that are coming up together, but each one individually.	0
I've had such a bad day today if only there was something or someone to cheer me up. Tomorrow can't come any slower	Teamwork will get me farther in life, I'm grateful for all the people that help me achieve my everyday goal!	0
Schedule was wrong and I was 30 min late to my first class, and then was late to my second bc I had to get it fixed.	I have worked really hard and am proud of myself now just need to wait for the result.	0
Ugh, worst morning in a while. Freezing, tired and starving, plus I have so much to do today	My headache from last night returned to in the past 2 minutes. I have to check the doctor.	0
Kso when I'm done my midterm and job interview I'm picking up and then smoking half	Very eager for the dawn of the deadline day even though going to bed at 2 and getting up at 5 is a bit stressful.	0
Same. I've done absolutely nothing the past two days, so it's all pilling up on me today	Going to work really hard tonight to get everything done in time.	0
that moment you're so tired that you can't do any school work, but have to	I'm having ice cream for dinner since I can't go for a long run. I miss having two good feet, but at least I have mint chocolate chip!	0
There is literally not enough hours in the day for me to get everything done tired	I can't wait to hit the gym, exercise and get healthy!	0
Just spent 4 hours studying for my psych exam and I can't seem to remember a single thing I studied. thestruggle prayingIpass	I hope I get a good night's sleep and wake up  in a better frame of mind tomorrow.	0
what a week, can't wait for a break and some chill time soon :( stressed	I feel like I have started revision too late in the holiday. Next time I will start a lot earier.	0
Only been home two weeks for summer and I am already making my way back to the ville.	When I finish my work, I'll be able to chill a lot	0
Hate being in such a bad mood that I don't even know how to snap out of it!	When I get off my chair, I can enjoy the accumulated programming of my favorite series.	0
i'm starting to think that we should have hired a wedding planner. sometimes i hate being such a perfectionist! xD	I wish to relax on the floor for a while and then do the laundry, cleaning, organizing and putting makeup away	0
Having 53480 things to do and taking a nap instead has became a terrible habit of mine lately	I need to work to get a clear bag	0
I hate when your head and heart tell you to do two different things confused	To have a donut on my car does not represent me because I want to treat my body as a temple.	0
Going back to work after 4 days off and coming into hardly any stock and deliveries upto the roof	I'm going to look into ways to get my transcripts converted to a more professional format.	0
So, I've never had a job with performance reviews before and I'm due for one soon. .	Maybe relaxing today will help me tomorrow, I will try to focus on school after I relax a bit.	0
Why does my husband have to tell me when he loses control on the hwy? Especially when it's still snowing and he's still not home?!	I'm so glad I know a car person, so they can help me figure out what's going on with my car	0
Why is this week so stressful!? Got a yearbook deadline, a science project and TWO English projects!! Wtf! School HateIt	I feel sorry for having lost trust in an associate whom I believed to be part of my family. I just hope he realizes his mistake.	0
I'm grumpy and I hate it hurry up Sunday night I wanna eat doughnuts, burger and pizza.	My work is a bad one,maybe I should quit and I will find something better.	0
I feel like everything is spiraling out of control!  so overwhelmed and stressed I can't take it anymore.	My morning has been far too stressful, thanks God it's almost over	0
Murphy's Law No. 156: Wide awake at 2 am. Can't get out of bed at 6 am!	After the week is over it means the break time will come so that's good.	0
nobody will ever realise how hard and how much work is involved in teaching until they've tried it	I will better plan my assignments and take time to see my family.	0
Why is it so hard to get in contact with Radiohead! :O aghhhh tired media exams please guys	I have a final due by Christmas Eve, but I am eagerly looking forward to the Christmas party.	0
Just read in a text news that I should have been told in person Now what. sick tired	I hope my luck changes in the coming days so that I am blessed with good karma.	0
This history internal is doing my head in! so tired and fed up, can't wait for the end of term. 2 days!!! Excited	I don't want to clock in but I'm glad that I'm able to do it.	0
10.62 for a Pack of cigs, and the cashier is an asshole, and it looks like ill be smoking the whole pack tonight fuckyou	I'm going to choose better friends who give me the emotional attention I need.	0
So YouTubeDOWN while Im doing homework. Is it life trying to stop me from procrastinating? You gotta try harder dumb bh!  collegelife	I feel very happy to take my final with Proctor U.	0
The bay window roof letting water piss into my bedroom was not really what I needed this morning.	I wish insurance was easier because it makes my life more difficult.	0
Had enough of this thing we call life!! Beginning to think there is no light at the end of my tunnel!! ain't the word!!	I just hope people are more trustworthy.	0
They say God won't give you any more than you can handle but lately I think he has unrealistic expectations of me	Fish and chips with a small tea is better than being bored and tired	0
Glad xmas stuff been done. Sick of town full of slow cunts taking the piss, standing in the way etc.	My rent is due on 1st and my book of checks is missing. Hope I can find it soon.	0
So my step mom thinks I'm so stupid for crying over a concert. But I just don't think she understands.	There are a lot of things to do in little time, but I am sure I can succeed with my hard work.	0
Had to have a driver get me from school today.he isn't going the right way. Do I say something?	Watching games sometimes can be stressful and that's what makes games interesting.	0
Thinking of the worst possible outcome.so then what really happens is not that bad after all.	You need to work on what you say or understand my situation so that I don't get more stressed out.	0
I need to stay to myself because I feel myself cursing someone out soon. annoyed	Once the week is over, I’ll be back to rest from it all.	0
That stupid social studies PowerPoint took me an hour and a half and I've been doing other homework the whole rest of the night	I don't feel bad, just a little empty.	0
God knows what I'm going to wear this winter! The maternity clothes out right now are awful!	I know I can deal with anything someone says about me.	0
Deciding that I was going to try to be valedictorian was probably the worst decision ever	Brazi jas a lot of support and Germany looks like they will beat the dutch. Both will play a good game though.	0
I'm still in FanLove mode real heavy actually watched officerDowne then found BuscadoUnSeuo  but someone only uploaded 48 minutes of the movie where is the rest getting to the good stuff and it's over	Seems Twitter is a place for our people to shout into the vacuum of space which is good.	0
This week has been so stressful. It doesn't help that I have gotten almost zero sleep	I still get to watch the semi-finals of Britain's got Talent!	0
It's so freaking hot outside, I'm feeling so sleepy and can't wait to get home. Uqqhhhh	I'm thankful for taking this stress management class. I've learned so much already.	0
Skipping English again today because I literally don't even have one hour to waste when I could be using that hour to do homework	Too much work, too little time, need to prove to myself that I can do what it takes	0
I've never been so upset during finals week before, and the fact that it had nothing to do with finals made it worse	I hope the game ends soon so that I don't get my heart in too much trouble.	0
So one of my rescue hedgehogs isnt indeed dead (cue me crying) but is hibernating and in the huff I disturbed it!! The other one? Still wide awake!! These animals will be the death of me  wildlife How and do their job is beyond me!!	I will talk to my nursing class teacher so she can understand I have other classes to, she will understand.	0
Finding out the internship that I'm supposed to have this summer probably won't work out now disappointed wanttocry	Can't wait to see NYE, but next time I need to pick a different seat on the train.	0
I HATE Financial Planning! Tried to do Balance Sheets and Income Statements for Anfield Travel and keep getting different answers	I am a bit displeased about the Trafford center, but I hope they would improve.	0
Requesting your graduation off and your boss not answering back.. your asking for one less employee	If I invest my free time at school in doing something fun I know I’ll be thankful later.	0
I just want to go home.. Listen to music and not have to worry about anything until Christmas. annoyed	People criticize me for knowing science, but I try not to listen to them.	0
think the stress of university has finally hit me resulting to bursting out crying in lecture :(	After graduating every stressful thing will be left behind.	0
Do I do fifteen minutes of yoga or do I go finish my book?! Tired Bored WhatToDo Headache	May I ask if there's a regular opener here? I feel unable to use my hands on this.	0
Took the practice math test, got only 5 wrong. Although I passed, still nervous for tomorrow's exam. O_o 30/35 nervous	If I organize myself well, I can finish the self-defense essay before the deadline, which is next Friday.	0
A guy on the train told the bartender his orange juice was too cold and made him microwave it /baffled/concerned	Evweyone else has their purses on the ground but at least I know to keep mine on the table or chair.	0
All y'all nggas look mad And I ain't even make y'all nggas mad YET .	So much in need of a massage. Is an 8-hour massage possible? I'm looking forward to the session anyway.	0
No one listens or cares wat I want well I wanna be fuckin happy with the Guy I like Idgaf if you don't like him.	Even though I don't understand the relationship, I know that it's none of my business and I will stay out.	0
i am so tired of trying to please everyone at the same time. i can't do it and nobody appreciates anything i do. miserable	Teaching people in this climate is bad right now, but when I look at those young faces I know I'm doing something good	0
And now to wait and be ridiculously stressed out for two weeks about whether etsy will accept my manufacturing application	This may be a rough day but I will complete all my stuff with focus.	0
By the time I graduate school all of my hair is going to be grey	I am going to stay hopeful to see what happens	0
I did that thing called an all nighter last night. I regret every minute of it. stressed librarytime	I have so much college work to do, but I am confident that I will finish it on time.	0
Lately at the start of every week I just can't wait for it to be over	I care more about the quality of the car and reliability than about the design and beauty, being ugly but safe for me is great.	0
Man once all this SHH is said and done I'm going in the clouds.. TIRED	Time to catch up on my reading since I'm without TV tonight.	0
love how I get over a 500 $ pay check every month and its gone in a week since everything's so fucking expensive.	You need to change in order to grow.	0
Confused as to why I have so much work to do, when all I seem to be doing this year is working	Can't wait for Friday when I can chill and start to live it up.	0
Let's just run away to a fairytale land. Where there are no troubles or sorrows and only happy ever afters. stressed overit caniignor	Having a week off work let me get work done on many other things.	0
Watching movies all day long bc i ain't got the money to do nothin else :( onabudget savingmoney	I need to see a GP as I have lost all interest in what I used to like, I am sure that will help.	0
I wish this Sunday could have been A LOT different.  I'm also not looking forward to driving to SF tomorrow. Sad Yup	I am going to play some ball and make myself feel better.	0
I'm like drowning in a pile of debt and I can't find a way out!!	My last relationship wasn't the healthiest, but I learned a lot to take to the next relationship.	0
I don't mean to be a grinch, but aren't the holidays supposed to be a time to relax?	If you don't really want something, you'll likely not be jealous when someone else has it.	0
I have so many mixed emotions right now. I'm just going to crash in bed and worry about them later. Tired Sad Relieved Worried	Only three more days until I can start lifting again!	0
Im having dreams of kicking your ass, why? Maybe it has to do with you fucking me over and over again!	I hope to go to sleep soon so that I can be gone with my tasks for tomorrow early and efficiently.	0
The second school starts,I have a english project due, algebra 2 test and a spanish test<;<; toomuch	I love it when my teacher asks questions about this subject.	0
Actually going to bed at a reasonable time tonight! Too bad ill be worrying about AP Gov test and paper, ACT, Psych project.	Summer school is bad because it's so much work compressed into such a short period of time, but everything will be fine when it's over.	0
Im getn so old makes me so disappointed in myself because im not where i want to be and im actually the worse i ever been	It's important not to procrastinate to be more productive	0
The one thing I didn't miss about school is the ridiculous amount of stress that goes along with it needtograduate	I think everything worked out, I hope to have good news on Monday.	0
This physics homework is the death of me every week. It's so hard. And then I have another physics exam tomorrow night.	I got a lot of satisfaction out of cutting my grass this weekend.	0
In parenting teenagers, school, social life, family + the rest of the world have to co-exist for teenagers to grow less	I hope my mental health improves in the coming days.	0
It's like one thing after the next after the next. NOT enjoying the end of my summer.	Today I have been feeling a lot of pressure on my shoulders, It's hard sure, but I have a strong back and I can carry it.	0
I will be nice for as long as possible, but at some point it's going to get ugly. bridezilla	Man that EOCT was really challenging! The feeling of muscle soaring is a reminder of all my hard work	0
Worst thing ever? Having a few drinks in you and wanting nothing more than another's touch and not being able to have it	I am definitely going to be a multitasking expert after I finish sorting the house and cleaning while taking care of a crying, wide-awake baby.	0
7 assignment ! 2 of which are group projects due on the same day for different classes worth 25% ! -_-	I have been working really hard with school, so I am going to be able to have a good career and to top it off I will reward myself with a nice holiday.	0
I will never use again. They have made my life hell for a mistake they made. terrible bank	I'm glad to be able to get two weeks of vacation to rest and recharge!	0
Worst day ever. Errand disaster. Got home 3 hours later than planned. Movers coming a day sooner. Not sure if I'll be on tonight	A good rest will improve my stomach upset.	0
Not sure how businesses expect me to have all this experience if no one ever gives me a chance to get some flawedsystem	I can't wait til Saturday, because my midterms going to end by this week.	0
My head fuckin kills. I hate trying to apply for scholarships and figuring out college	I’ll try harder to get good grades on my next tests.	0
don't nobody understand what I go through on a daily basis, something diff everyday and having mfs that care is rare .	I’m so luckt to be alive in the 21st century, it’s amazing.	0
Please can i get an intern to help me out with all i need to do.	I am hoping things would go right hereafter as I am tired of it.	0
Night 2 w/ slamming sounds complained at 4am last night! NCL NorwegianCruice unhelpful disappointed nosleep	It's time for me to buckle down and focus for the big week ahead of me.	0
Seriously cyclone pam will hit our shores on Friday.Music to my ears coz I won't get to sit for my	I follow the correct rules in my life, so my parents give freedom in my life	0
Finally lab report is done! Have got to stop leaving things until the last minute	After I make the decision, I will feel better.	0
I woke up standing in front of my mom. She followed me around while I sleep walked	Adult life is tiring. I wanted to take a break from life/responsibilities, and just catch my breath. But that's real life, and I'm a tough person, so I'll keep going.	0
So. Much. Work take me back to secondary school when if you did no work it didn't matter!	I hope the weekend comes quickly so that I can relax a bit before the next week.	0
Can't wait for these next to weeks to be over , about to have an emotional break down	Tomorrow will be a much better day!	0
I think its time to get ready to leave everything and everyone behind I dont wanna deal with all this bullshit	I don't know how I can study for these exams but hopefully with some help I can figure it out.	0
Seriously though the amount of assignments that I have due this week is crazy! Not to mention finals next week!  LT	I haven't had much time to study for my biology exam but I'm sure I'll do fine	0
School hasn't even started and I'm already to the max. I have to choose to loose a ton of work or drop being a mentor	Express what you want to say freely because life is short.	0
I hate how I can't just blow things off and forget what I need to forget about.	I have a massive amount of homework and stress at the moment but it will make me a better student so it is worth it.	0
Nothing like having to restart the biggest project of my life the night before its due because of technology issues CanICryNow	Feeling bad now means that later on when I will feel good I will appreciate it more.	0
I'm wide awake at 8am for absolutely no reason with nothing to do until tonight. This anticipation is literally killing me	I hope they take my rent soon so that I can manage the rest of my budget accordingly.	0
Fairly certain 100% of what is happening in my chemistry class is physics. confused HELP	I don’t like the days when I have to work from 3-9, as there is no time for anything. But the advantageis there is no time for worrying too.	0
Figuring out what to bring now and what to have shipped is a lot harder than I thought	It is Monday and I have not had much sleep, but I am grateful that I don’t have much work today.	0
Broken my healthy eating and frequent exercise plan today. Sitting on the train guiltily eating a packet of veggie Percy Pigs .	I cannot wait for the final's week to be over and to start fresh from the next week onward.	0
Whoever decided to give me 4 exams in 24 hours was obviously not concerned for my mental well-being	Be thankful you have a healthy and happy baby.  Kids are so much fun at that age!	0
So my college enrollment deposits are due in 2 days and I still don't know where I'm going yet	Even though I can't sleep, I'm thankful I at least have a job to go to in the mornings.	0
Who knew references were so hard pulling my hair out. Next winter I'm not working it will be easier	Not being able to sleep is something tough, but you can sleep well after you pray to God.	0
Just chose my firm and insurance for university - scariest thing I have ever done! I hope I get the grades now panicmode	There may be a few classes that havent been filled if not I can ask if theres any extra places	0
Im tryin so hard 2 get SurfersParadise bu I live in Ireland and it isnt on sale and Ive tried uk but its sold out ugh :(	I am bored with studying all the time this weekend. I am eagerly looking forward to the vacation.	0
Working at the hospital seriously drives me to drink. No wonder y I was an alchy 2 yrs ago when I first started.	I am not able to sleep as I have changed my major. I hope I have made the right decision.	0
I can't wait to go home next weekend.. I'm so ready to get outta this town for a bit! exhausted	Going to have to stay up all night tonight to work on my paper but after it’s submitted I can have a good long sleep.	0
if we've misplaced out timing chips can we buy a new one today at registration??	Let's give Justin a little encouragement so that he can develop and help us all move a little faster.	0
is feeling stressed today, in need of a huge amount of HUGS. any offers!!!???	I hope my relationship gets healthier in the coming days.	0
Everything that could have gone wrong at work tonight has gone wrong! Need my bed	I think I would be better off in an office, where the boss is cool.	0
Wish they made lanes that dont merge when turning right at stoplights. Didnt even see a car turning in from the intersection til last minute earlier. Closest I got in an accident. This is exactly why I hate driving. You never know. badDay badDayToday (6-16-2020)	Daydrinking on vacation is cool, right?	0
Give up with this flappy bird app can't even get past 3 flappybird hateit annoying deleted	I know it can be a little bit incomprehensible, but I make a lot of mistakes. I need to improve.	0
Shift from hell! Feel wide awake and up and 5am for another bad day :(	I have a big summative in english tomorrow, need to do laundry, have swim practice, but I am confident of accomplishing those tasks very soon so that I can listen to music and relax on my bed.	0
I'm starting to have dreams about my Spanish controlled assessment and how I'm gunna fail anxietytothenextlevel	It's a hard choice to decide if I want to go to BSM or STA, but once I decide I can finally start planning for my future.	0
When you cut off air supply to the brain. How do you function with half a brain?	Today has been a tough day, my cousin had a seizure and my gma had "heart attack symptoms". Thankfully they are alright now	0
I'm crying and tears are falling from my face to grown drip .. drip I can't help my self ..	I hate doing this so I'll do it as soon as possible to do the things I like to do	0
I'm just going to start tweeting random laws that I have to memorize for the bar exam. Osmosis or something, right?	Access your uni account and do your assignment otherwise it may become a bad Monday.	0
Today has officially become a tough day. Sigh. Need a pick me up. Bad. kickingmyself angry disappointed	It would be lovely to get to the end of this week as soon as possible.	0
Can I just sleep all week and not see anyone or deal with anyone :(	I hope the nap I took will give me a second wind soon.	0
I wish my mom would stop talking about Tulane. I'm over it and every single other college.	I have only hours to finish my journey and return to my home!	0
hate having days when I'm smiling on the outside, but inside I just wanna cry.. xxx	I hope not to  see the Single Muslim Women in your area" ads, on PornHub/Gay  which does not interest me.	0
This'll make me sound like a horrible mom but I'm really excited to have this kid so I can finally get drunk again. needabreak	I'll try to contact your customer service again. Maybe I just talked to a bad agent.	0
Time to tell the Brits we are tired of them hopefully we won't have to start a war	I'm really not feeling well at all hope I get well soon.	0
I hate exams :( when do I have time for sleeping in and naps after breakfast? Exams	Being ill and away from home with an essay to write is difficult, but one has to put up with all these in hostel life to come out in flying colors.	0
Really attempting to calm down after a stressful morning. I hate getting so worked up	My iPhone broke again, I really like Apple phones, but this one is letting me down	0
Not only do I have a 6 pg paper due and and exam on Tuesday, but the fate of our country is also going to be decided	I am putting in a lot of hard work at the science department during the week.	0
Work two 14 hour shifts and today will be at least a 15 followed by a 12 hour drive just to get a day off.	I‚Äôm becoming so popular on Twitter, going to take it more seriously now to keep my fans happy.	0
Im ready to gather up 90% of the people I know in a small building in the middle of no where and blow it the fuck up.	I should get some rest to have a good day tommorow.	0
I won't gained freshman 15, I WILL NOT gain freshman 15" *hyperventilates and eats a bag of chips and a chocolate bar*	I do feel like crying but I hope God will give me the courage to overcome my stress.	0
I've never been so bad at a Madden game before in my life! WTF happened? This game is impossible for me Madden15	Im not feeling my best but after a long rest I’m bound to recover.	0
I swear I'm getting sick from my parents divorce being thrusted onto me and all their problems when I have my own to deal with	I can't wait to hit my bed and get a good night's sleep after the day I have had taking care of these two slackers.	0
half the wrong order and 2 failed delivery slots since to rectify. This service is supposed to help busy working mums	Water spilled all over my laptop in my bag, unfortunately.	0
Officially hate English. How am I supposed to redraft two essays for tomorrow when I have received no feedback at all?	Getting away from people instead of shouting at them is something I do because I am smart.	0
I hav 2 study but everything in my room is so distracting I cn nt afford 2 fail not again joh	I am having to do multiple things at once at the moment Im sure I will keep up the good work.	0
4 page lab, 6 page paper and 15 page research paper all due tomorrow. Oh yea, and that test at 9 am.	Nothing bad has happened to me except for things like running out of orange squash.	0
I got so many empty blanks for me right now I don't even know where to start.	The work week hasn't been great, but hopefully tomorrow is better	0
All this lying and killing and framing people. All these crazy, psycho ambitious bitches out to get everyone!	I need to talk out my problems, and then I can improve my relationships.	0
Of all the things I need for the apartment my mom is talking about a centerpiece for the kitchen table	With these events, I realize that the best team I need is on my own.	0
I hate having such bad anxiety. Went into a panic attack earlier that literally caused me to hyperventalate.	I have less than a month to decide what I'm going to wear to Believe Tour. I'm so excited, I can't wait.	0
Today is just one of those days when I need to take a step back and take a deep breath and let it go!	I'm going to wake up a little earlier just so I can pray before starting my day and feel accomplished.	0
WHY do I have 2 papers due on the same day? Too much literary criticism for one week.	I will get better at editing my college supplements.	0
I am grateful I haven't had a bad day like today in a while, but I hate the way it makes me feel	Even if I don't get a good grade I still learned a lot which will make me improve.	0
If shoveling handfuls of popcorn into my mouth and drinking copious amounts of wine is wrong I don't want to be right justagirl	Planning my Europe trip is proving to be challenging, there are so many beautiful and interesting places to know! I have to prioritize some.	0
I hope at least one of you wish me luck on my midterm exams, they start in 1 week!	I have to control too many thoughts and their impact on my mind to sleep better	0
Urgh got too many words on my essay and I can't cut it down :(	I am glad she ate it because I didn’t want it!	0
I am that stressed that my whole body is breaking out in eczema. School sucks. I hate this.	Getting that game is going to be a challenge but you will feel accomplishment once you hit 29, and especially after 35.	0
I'm afraid to lay down just for 2 seconds because I'll just knock out and won't wake up until morning exhausted	Well, I screwed up. Nothing to do but take my lumps. I can handle it.	0
That depressing moment when you get excited to go to a party and all of a sudden anxiety hits. fml	It's hard to get thermal equilibrium. Looking for something between cold and hot.	0
finding a job in the city is a lot harder then i thought it would be.	I am not feeling well but only a week left of classes.	0
You make me feel like I'm just another person in this world, like I'm not important.	I have paid around $1000 for my dental hygiene, but it's important to have good hygiene.	0
So much going on in this little head of mine confused anxious excited nervous not sure which one to feel	Leaving out of my mind the bad endings like the system failure makes me calmer.	0
unhappy confused weak low sad even when everything is going well. F'ed up with this	Only 2 days left from the 1st semester of school, hopefully I'll get better from all my coughing.	0
Another Monday and I'm stressingpapers, papers, ooh and did i say pagers due with midtermscollege midtermpapers	I’m excited to think I’ll soon have a chance to rest away from everyone	0
It's sad that the only thing i look forward to on the weekends is sleeping. SleepDeprived Exausted	I just want to enjoy this moment, tomorrow will be a new day, I hope the payment will fall into my account, because Christmas is coming.	0
could you play Olly Murs please? busy day In school changing my timetable for A-Levels, as the one before was deadly! x	I'm going to learn how to stay calm and just relax instead of worrying about tomorrow.	0
I ruin everything. I always do something wrong but don't know what it is done annoyed I hate myself and my emotions	I'm going to have an amazing party on Tuesday, I'm off on Wednesday, so I can chill and recover.	0
Thanks to a mess up by its foreign call centre there is a problem with my flight. Which is tomorrow.	I'm so glad we get to enjoy our favorite song while we are driving through town!	0
I need a week of vacation. So much to do, in so little time. School,meetings, homework, family, chores.	This whole week to pass the semester just leaves me a path to success.	0
Walking from my office to my car to drive to class while eating a slice of pizza and editing my assignment that's due in an hour.	You can talk to me after Sunday!	0
Putting a lot of effort into a presentation to prove that things just are not possible	I'm looking forward to getting out and going back to Uni on Monday!	0
Last week of school 5 finals in 4 days Go hard or go home! bcitlife	Finals make me upset, but they are almost over.	0
I feel like by the end of the day tomorrow I'll have bought a pack of cigarettes	I watched a fun thing called BreakingBad and it was intense.	0
Bloody phone playing up all the time drives me insane! Can't remember the last time it worked properly!	Rain start to fall so early this morning. The view was so nice.	0
Competition next saterday at usf . practice after school and so much school work to get done :(	This application is really hard but I’m going to give it my best.	0
Health update Diagnosis: Irregular heartbeats Dr's opinion: No cause for concern My opinion: Dead man walking	But I am so very excited to get married!	0
Don't feel wellhave to teachhave to practice driving for test tmrw! Wish this cold would bugger off! :(	Life's pretty difficult with a medically fragile child under my care. It's time for me to seek some help to deal with all the stress I'm dealing with.	0
What do you do when you're ? Me? I sit on my couch trying not to cry while eating an entire pack of pepperoni	The only thing getting me through today is that I will be able to relax and watch the hans game tonight, and I'm grateful for that.	0
Art coursework in bed at 1am on a Friday, what a fun life I lead stressed tired art coursework	Hopefully it will be a good night I finish at 9 and there's quite a few.	0
why does applying for schools have to be so complicated? why do you need 40 forms from me? just say yes or no!	What a long day it's been, can't wait to relax and have a drink this evening.	0
Life would be so much easier if we didn't have to think so hard and worry about everything	I hope my wardrobe and the state of mind improves considerably in the coming days.	0
Clearly my mom this I am too stressed. // mom calmdown stressed work cookies food mother	I have to see a doctor to treat my vertigo so I'll be fine for the next days	0
I'm so tired of this semester, and I'm so ready for school to be over! mad	Being unwell really makes you appreciate all the times I gave been well.	0
How long does it take for babies to get though this seperation anxiety stage. It's really getting me down now. I hate to see her crying.	I'm so glad that I reorganized my room. I still have work to do, but at least it's partly done.	0
I need an all you can eat buffet and a gallon of ice cream and a hug because stressed	To get well soon from my headache I should consult a doctor.	0
I forgot how hard it is to get ready with 3 girls in the house..	My hard drive erases all my work and my photos won't print, all with my exhibition in the weekend. I hope I can set things right.	0
When someone likes you and you don't like them back. Yeah I feel kinda bad.	I am so excited to have a vacation. That means over 3 days of lying in a comfy hotel bed, watch the food network and order room service.	0
GOOD NEWS: Tapos na perdiodical test. BAD NEWS: UPCAT test naman bukas, morning 6:30am :3 Stressed!  feeling worried	Registration is in a few days and it's the perfect opportunity for me to step forward and choose at least a little bit of my future.	0
The joy of getting the last little bit out of the toothpaste after number rolls to squeeze it out!	Sometimes it is good to forget all the worries that I have and all the things that go wrong.	0
Hand is shaking and in not sure if its because of this exam or just low iron!!!!!! smh	Even though I have the possibility to do great things, I also need to understand that there are people who will be there to make me difficult the way.	0
i hate crying my nose and my cheeks and eyes turn so damn redsighs randomthought	I need to stay focused and calm down, or I won't be able to last long, I can't take the risk of having a mental breakdown now.	0
Freaking out for ap HuG exam tomorrow Time to watch Haikyuu and chill the crap out so I stop stressing! aphg	Even if it's a bad day you can't say no to peanut butter dove chocolate your mom offers you.	0
Wish I could go out and have a few drinks after this essay's done :(	Once my mocks are done tomorrow, I can chill and relax watching a movie.	0
I am so tired. I'm for real going to knock out in all of my classes.	When this is gone, I will be so thankful.	0
Having to pack for moving house over the weekend as well as juggling an assignment due for Monday,	I think I need to have a sit down conversation about her jokes I think she will listen.	0
How is it that working only 3hrs so far today is turning out to be worse than the 12hrs I worked yesterday? .	I missed my US Airways connection after getting caught in a delay. It won't last forever, I'll be on a flight soon.	0
Clothes dramas are doing my head in what's wrong with these shops don't they know I have a wedding to attend	I am glad that I have friends who can listen to my long winding rants.	0
Finally done moving I'm exhausted I need to KO I gotta get up at 5am to take Brandon home and be at work at 9 ugh	I've procrastinated my studying, but I'm making up for lost time. I've learned my lesson about putting off my studies.	0
Those sleepless guilty nights.When you don't study all day and your exams are drawing near :'(	I feel bad for my kids right now. I'm so consumed and out w/ work, I can't think dinner/groceries/living. But I'll make sure to make it up to them when in done.	0
In such a bad mood annoyed angry in the mood to cry so safehaven it is.	I just lost more than 1 hour of work because the computer crashed, I need to finish this.	0
Ugh. I have midterms this week and I'm dealing with boy problems. I need to just get away!	I am looking forward to this semester ending since then I will have more free time.	0
Did homework all day today I hate this time of the year Everything is due	People shouldn't think they have the right to talk down to others	0
Why don't I just leave. It's not like I want to be here anyways. Tired Annoyed	I hope I have a good rest after the hectic days I have had so that I can get into a peaceful state of mind.	0
When was the last time Jason Hammel came into a game in the 12th inning? Probably never, right?	Financial aid system could need some improvement.	0
I hate having a good day and then realizing I still have 74939 tons of work to do	Literally crying at the fact I have auditions coming up in January because I'm so grateful	0
Doctor: WOAH! Youre muscles are way too tight! Lets do something about that. And you should definitely switch jobs. Me: Im a stay at home mom. Doctor: Well then, stronger drugs it is! momlife sahm WorkFromHome blogger TrueStory	My group is not putting in the effort they should, this is a chance for me to develop leadership qualities.	0
Memorial and court over - now time to prepare for exams next week. All this couldn't have come at a worse time - power through!	I hope to get over the habit of biting nails as I dont like to leave the house with chipped nail polish.	0
After the past couple of days, I wouldn't be mad if I had the option of being a stay at home mom.	I made color coded post-its for my to-do lists and the pink ones say breathe, just in case I forget. It helps me to keep everything in check.	0
I need to take a walk, a long fucking walk, that has to exhaust me, dry my lungs temporarily, and help me pretend about my existence here. where is the hope already?	I hope I stop worrying about school so much and start focusing on the positives.	0
You guys. Literally been running around all day like a mad man putting out proverbial fires. How does one keep students (Adults too, cuz staff are just as guilty if were being honest) motivated to get shit done the last month of the semester???	I guess I need to step up and study since I challenged myself to do the AP test for Psychology.	0
When your so tired but your worrying and stressing about stuff so much you can't sleep. .	When I was young, I wanted to grow up, and I want to stay young. That is a common fact of life	0
God never gives you more than you can handle." Perhaps He has mistaken me for someone else? overwhelmed tired frustrated	I think I should do my homework to get a good future.	0
this is probably one of the most stressful days of my life :/ this is not ok! this day couldn't get any worse :(	I have to go to a new school and not see my bestfriend any more, but at least I can meet some new friends	0
That urge you have when you just want to punch someone in the face so bad!	Even though I've been working so hard, I'm glad that I'm almost done, and it's time for Christmas!	0
Just realized I made a huuuge mistake in my case study paper so this presentation tomorrow will definitely be worse than I thought	Even though selling or buying a house is not something I like, at least I will be over with it soon.	0
The list of thing that have to get done in the next two weeks scares the crap out of me.	Work's not great, but in five hours, I'll be free.	0
I wish things would work out for once. I hate asking for help. Its embarrassing. :/	I hope the future holds much better days for me going forward.	0
Going to be a long week. Don't even know how to prepare myself for anything that might happen	I need to learn to pack only the things I really need for a trip.	0
I am genuinely going to fail every single exam next month.. norevision resitting fuckit stressed	I'm happy to have time with my dad, even though his conversations don't please me so much.	0
Thinking about it I've only had four proper meals since last Friday night, probably why I nearly faint nothungry	The unknown is frightening and fascinating at the same time. We end up going through unexpected situations and with that using the opportunity to learn to cope.	0
My parents yelled at me because I have bad grades yet, they always bother me when I'm doing homework and studying.	Taking things easy will help you think of a better solution much quicker.	0
So much to do and so little time stressed I'm going to bed now and praying I don't fail everything tomorrow.	I have to face my problem strongly.	0
Laid back Tuesdays NOT. stressed still got a smile on my face though! One more month before summer! -	I am at the 24-hour vet. I love my cat and want the best for him.	0
If baseball season doesn't hurry and get here,I'm gonna go insane! Just ready to get back on the place where I blong. 43	Screwing disdain pressing. 7 vests and 8 shirts and I can't abandon any! Taking a greater number of shoes than a lady aswel	0
When you finish your homework after 11 on a Monday, you know it's gonna be a long week! tired	I will wake up earlier tomorrow and be fresh!	0
That feeling when you see something isn't going to end well and there's nothing you can do about it	I wish everyone was just straight forward all the time. I keep wondering what's next and can't sleep, but I know people can't be all the same and I should try to chill out.	0
I hate it when ur stressed at work tpos dadagdagan pa ng uncooperative team at other stuff argh killercombo	My brothers are a real nuaisance but it's normal for kids to be like that and I should cherish their childhood.	0
On my way to Saint Louis for my first operation/ test Let the long journey begin :-/	I have many thing to do before the party but at least there is a party so I am excited about it.	0
Phew. This has been a hell of a day. Went from being unable to move from the flat to being on the market in 6 hours. Now to begin the stressful job of trying to sell/finding a new place. newhome	I need to be more mature and understand that school was not made to be easy, and homework is to help me do well in exams and have a better future.	0
With the stress of the past few days I am Exhausted, I need a day to just be completely lazy and rest.	I hope I get another chance at a first impression.	0
I really shouldn't leave homework till the last minute, never realised i even had this much to do -.-	Even though I made a couple of mistakes in the past, I'm grateful for where I am in the present.	0
Did all the teachers have a group meeting and decide to set 1000 essays this week?!	I feel like I don't have enough hours in my day, because I have so much to do. Fortunately, I can get things done quickly, and I will be able to finish everything.	0
Poli Exam in less than 7 hours. Last Exam. So close. Yet, so far. examseason	I need to relax now, I will take an exam tomorrow.	0
Pissed off and angry today my OH is shielding as if he got C-19 he would be at a severe risk to die and everyone is poncing about on their holidays and putting him t risk!! Angry Lockdown PeopleAreDicks	Charrette due to tomorrow, but after it's done it'll be a load off my back	0
Studying for HESI is giving me a headache :/ guess ill just sleep it off and stress more tomorrow	I'm gonna relax with DeviousMaids and a sneaky slice of tomorrow's pizza in bed.	0
August has been a helluva month. Sick for all of it, then developed severe rash to the antibiotic I was takingMarley is now on a third chemo treatment, heres hoping this one works for awhileall I want to do is crawl into a cave and sleep for the rest of the year	Even though many things were needed for the dad's move at least it will be over soon.	0
Prom is less than a month away and at this point idk if imma go	I need help with Adv. Comp that's due tomorrow.	0
Reality hit when I got to school/ realized everything I need is on the house couch. Smh	I'm going to be honest that is good for me.	0
? Scientists have shown anger, anxiety and depression increase the risk of heart disease. Read the full report on	Christmas is great there is amazing food and Christmas movies that I will enjoy later.	0
Sienna heights isn't sounding so bad after all. I need to get as far away from here as possible	Waiting times are really long, I might send a letter next time. Hopefully that will work.	0
If you can't control anything in your life, do your eyebrows. You can at least control those. crazylife	Even though I don't have all the supplies I need, I'm just glad I'm able to wing it.	0
FAFSA frustrates me so much. I feel like I'm doing something wrong and NEED HELP :(	I hope I get some time and peace at home to revise and do well in the test tomorrow.	0
So frustrated with my jobs. I get no respect, costumers always complain, and I hate that I always work my butt off for nothing.	I need to breathe, relax and finish this essay.	0
Just freaked myself out about a payment becuz I thought I was a month late but it's only been 10 days	It's high time I seek various ways to relax myself every day.	0
College wasn't that bad until I missed a week and a half and now I'm tryna get caught up	90% of the folks who come to Champps at this hour are people from other restaurants, It's fun to have the opportunity to talk to them	0
thought all my coursework was hard in year 10, but it's got nothing on year 11:( don't even want to imagine what college is like	Even though these kids are being bad, I'm glad I have the patience and ability to calm myself down without resorting to drugs or alcohol.	0
This is downright pathetic that I have to micromanage my time after school by setting up a schedule via Calendars	Moving has given me the opportunity to sort through my things.	0
It's been a long week but I think I'll skip the gym and go tomorrow I just need some relaxing time ! tired confused :(	Using icy hot makes my neck feel so much better.	0
You know your life is a mess when you have to make daily "to do" list.	Finally finding out all the things Lilly is allergic to, I'm sure an eating specialist will help her.	0
Why am I an IDIOT?! WHO LET ME AGREE TO DO SEVEN A2 EXAMS. ARRRRRRRHHBFHDHDHDHHS	It's already time to register for spring classes	0
I wish once a month school would let us out for a catch up and sleep in day	I need to find someone new to drive, someone who can help my mental better.	0
gah! adobe dreamweaver I wish you would make up your mind! code can be so frustrating.	I will save my life and go to the doctor soon.	0
I was but after I prayed to the Lord Almighty my stress disappeared into thin air.	Though I haven’t started the 3 drawings till now, I think I can finish them by tomorrow.	0
We're officially over half way through the week now - thank heavens for that. It can only get better now, right? Promise??	My life is complicated sometimes. Someday it will be better.	0
Hattie upset SATS very hard - bless her but all her friends found it hard too	I am really thankful for everyone helping me get through this hard times, soon things will get better	0
My professor told us that nursing school doesn't get any betterafter this week I'm a firm believer exhausted	Bringing my stuff from the UKcould be easier	0
Omg! Max been having tantrums all day not known him like it before, guess our holiday and change not good for him	Yeah, this week has been tough, but we are so close to the weekend!	0
is a molecule smaller than a cell or is it the other way around?"	Today is a stressful day, but I can feel better if I get off from work and relax for some time.	0
Moving has been INSANE! If I don't get back to you right away please know it's because of the move.	I have a research paper to do and if I buckle down and work really hard I can get it all done.	0
I hate this semester.. The amount of work i have is unbearable and I'm missing all of next week	I'm thankful that I have Bob Ross to calm me down during the end of my day.	0
It's going to be one if those eat by yourself, cry yourself to sleep with a tub of icecream kinda nights, isn't it?	Even though this semester is stressful after some time it will be over and I will feel better.	0
Who knew trying to go back to on campus classes would be so hard after having a baby momproblems	If my friends cannot understand I am working hard right now I might just find more understanding friends.	0
This is gonna be one of the worst weeks ever. So much to do, so little time	All I wanted was a bit of help. Do unnecessary passive-aggressive emails ever help anyone? Makes me angry, but I'm sure they'll come around sooner than later!	0
I hate when stupid people stress me out to the point where i cant concentrate on anything because im too preoccupied	I'm really stressed right now, and feel like I'm about to burst, but I keep telling myself this stress won't last forever.	0
so help me God. 2 things to go and I'm officially enrolled (p.s. i've been doing all of the things alone)	I’m glad I challenged myself and went for the harder classes, even though it’s hard now.	0
Don't even know how to start this resit revision not to mention concentrate on my other exam revision	Sometimes life changes do us good, as we learn to be more flexible in the face of situations.	0
Can't believe i am up when i should be sleep with Nazir. Ugh! Hate when my mind is racing.	Life is full of bills and duties but that's what makes life be what it is.	0
If I make it to Friday without having a break down it will be a miracle	End of first day of senior year and I feel I have a lot to learn in the days to come.	0
Mos de Wedding is not at our house , Why every family member is here. This late, even some of them i don't know n don't like.:(:@	I hope the rest of the week turns out better than the Monday I have had.	0
1 assignment down, just a million other things to finish in next 2 weeks tired	Very thankful that we have such great medical facilities here. Have 2 hospitals, 2 specialists and a surgeon helping to do what's needed to save my dad's life.	0
since you changed ur mobile site its gone downhill! Took 20 mins to book tix as picking the seats is so difficult now!	I am so lucky, going to be going away to Maui in ten days, so exciting.	0
Im not about giving up, but that option just gets easier and easier everyday that passes.. Overwhelmed	Jordan his mum and his sister's birthday are all a day after each other, but at least I only need to go shopping once.	0
someone help me with my life because I don't know what to do about it.	Even though I don't feel well for my birthday, I'm glad I at least made it to another year.	0
Why do professors wait till the end of the semester to make all assignments due?!	I need to figure out ways to make my life easy and carefree.	0
Casually screaming into a pillow to fight the urge I have to burn all my exam material.	If I study properly and get things into my long-term memory then I'll know it at home and when it's in front of me during the final.	0
Deciding where to go to school and what to go for are such hard decisions! :/	I cannot wait to be done with packing and have all my stuff packed and ready to move.	0
I was already having a bad day. One comment gets made and then come an explosion. Ftoday	If I can choose a hotel to make my client happy, then I can do anything I put my mind to!	0
Work will be fun the day seen every hour on the clock roll on finishing time tired insomnia	The amount of work I have to do this week motivates me to complete it.	0
Okay honestly Tristan, do you think I'll be able to do a 2 page essay by tmmr? It's currently 8:45pm where I	don't care about all the myths in our huge book about how the world was made, but is cool to lear other things in the book.	0
My bed is so comfy right now. I can't handle it. I just want to sleep forever. TechWeek companyproblems tired	I'll feel more refreshed if I just let my feelings out for a bit and stop worrying over everything that has been troubling me.	0
All I need is for you to step up and act like my best friend. I need you, my rock with kind words right now more than anything.	It's almost time for me to graduate and get the freedom to do what I want in my life.	0
Someone send help, I have a spot under-under the skin. And its unpoppable and agony and its the final straw. Im quitting my job and living in the Caribbean. FUCK IT ALL.	I hope things work out in my favor in the next two days so that my life turns out better.	0
What a day at work. Stressed but so glad I'm off tomorrow! Can't wait for the weekend.	I am thankful that I have my family, my friends, my piano and music to get me through hard times.	0
Think I'm going to give up trying to grow my hair out I'll only be grey when it comes through	Being stressed with shopping during Christmas is alright since I am glad I have money to shop.	0
Its mad to think that theres only 10 days until Christmas and I havent even started shopping for my family yet	I recognize that studying can be stressful, but I am thankful for the opportunity to get an education.	0
Guess I don't realize how stressed out I am until I start having random melt downs.	Once I'm through the chem and trig test tomorrow, I can finally relax at home.	0
You know how some people say they've had a hard day and need a drink Well today has driven me to pick up an FPS!	I'm quite certain of where I will see myself in the next decade.	0
Nobody could ever understand how hard this is for me. I couldn't make a decision if my life depended on it. ughh killme	I will wait for the workers at the airport to give me information, I understand they must be full of work to do.	0
If I could have anything in the world, it'd be the acceptance letter into my dream school , I want it so bad	Choosing subjects is not easy as I thought, don't know if I want to take math in 5th year and not sure about PE either. But learning and trying will be fun	0
I want to go to some bakery and buy everything and go crazy eating right now.	I have to leave for work, but I am not able to get out of bed. I hope I can do so after some more sleep.	0
This hot shower im about to take I definitely deserve after chasing off the 3 guys at my grandmothers house :/	Sometimes privacy violations give me the opportunity to create a new account that’s safer for me.	0
The next week and a half is going my week from hell. But after that ill have three weeks of relaxation. motivation	This dental clinic needs to reorganize their service mode, as they are delaying appointments and this is not good for my schedule.	0
Sometime I just want to runaway with a case of Oreos and a dairy cow.	We should think before we speak.	0
I just want to curl up with my blanket and my phone and never leave. sodonewithschool	Finding employment is not easy in this city "New York". but, once we get it will be awesome.	0
I've been a human disaster all week and yet somehow someone still wants to marry me so i mean  memorialsarehard	I hope I get through to the Tax office quickly so that I can set up my payment plan that has been pending for a while now.	0
This is why I'm a control freak. If you don't do it yourself 1. It won't get done 2. It won't get done right annoyed	I don’t know why I am still awake. I would be happy to get some sleep.	0
Been pacing around all day long, and now it seems its going to last all night. anxietysucks college	I think I will get a tan before the dance so that I can look my best.	0
I just can't take this anymore. Day in and day out it just keeps getting worse. Michigan football isn't helping the matter	I can’t wait to see the rest of it!	0
Randomly looked on my degree audit and I saw the word senior. What?! I don't wanna be a senior yet!!	I don’t like it when I am not able to sleep due to overthinking.	0
Why dose United wait so long to sign players we always miss out on young talent and now we have missed out on Thaigo annoyed	Christmas season makes me upset, but this year I'm going to try harder to be in a better mood.	0
Would LOVEEEE my life to get back on track and something go right for me sometime bloody soon!	Its important to distinguish between stress and anxiety. We all need a little bit of stress. Education on the psychosomatic symptoms is important in identifying when to take proactive steps to intervene and when to know it's just a normal part of life	0
tea and oreos are helping me relax after dealing with bedtime aggression and anger. feelingbetter simplethings	I would love a good massage and some peach tea right now, this week has been challenging!	0
Total frustration when you have a batch of emails that need to be sent and laptop won't turn on	I need to work on how I treat others when I'm feeling down.	0
No tweeting for me during the game today. Gotta lock in and get this W	My parents are difficult at time’s but I love them.	0
2 days in& I'm already wishing half term was here! But I'm gonna persevere and stay positive! sixthformproblems	I hope I get done with my homework and tests so that the real Friday feeling comes through.	0
This is my last assignment of the semester. I just need to get through this exhausted drained	After the pep-rally tomorrow social life goes back down the drain..going to make an effort to get out and meet some new people.	0
When you're so stressed out about work and finals and payments and graduating that you break down <;<;<;<;<;	I hope I do a good job in finishing my final project which is due next week.	0
Unfortunately i have stalkers lol so if anyone knows how to lock my acc, help! I cant find privacy	I should take a break from facebooking so I can feel better.	0
Long day aheadof me my essay do and I gotta french paper do like wtf man	Am trying to figure out which new car to buy this weekend, it is not that easy though.	0
I'm over all of this. My brain and my heart can't agree and it feels like their fighting in my stomach	It's so nice to come home after a long day, put on comfortable clothes, and make a cup of coffee.	0
Any guesses at what my kindle passcode is? got to update it before amazon make it obsolete tomorrow!!!	I will think more before telling something important to my mom.	0
Classes are cancelled blessed but I still have to go to work here's hoping these 'naders don't get too terrible	Putting in a lot of effort right now and I know that this will pay off later down the track.	0
man this sucks, so exhausted yet sleep just doesnt want to do me that solid..	I wil take a break from my circle to come back stronger!	0
I'm stressed about whether I should be most stressed about driving, districts, colleges, or the play	Although I love travelling, there is no place like home.	0
Up early by myself just laying in bed with him on my mind like crazy. !!!!!	I am up early on Saturday because I thought it was Friday now I can get some things done.	0
Hopefully this little stay in dc will help me get my mind off a lot of things	I have serious problems with addictions like alcoholism and smoking, I need to stop that.	0
hate them rough days you have, hair bunged up, hardly any sleep and stupid tiny spots that come up on your face. notmyday	Nick may be in trouble, but I'm optimistic he'll come through.	0
*Fakes a orgasm because his stroke is whack* imagine when the tongue game is wack uuugghhh	I missed Zumba class, be but I will make it next time.	0
I wanna give up cigarettes. Its much more difficult than giving up alcohol, weed, sodas. I hate it.	I will make my computer to work.	0
Half hour wait to get a tyre on my car and have forgot my fags!!!	I have taken care of our food needs for the next few days so that I have more time to focus on other things.	0
I'm fucking sick of this shit, i just wanna be loved. I'm struggling to find someone who actually gives a fuck	I will relax in the fields on Friday!! It's what I deserve after all that's happened lately!	0
Cant sleep because Im afraid of burning down the house even though Ive checked the oven and stove at least 10 times and they are off	I have to ready for the exam I have to do it good.	0
Officially feeling broke. And I have so many things to pay for this next week :(	Just one more week to go for my finals. Thereafter, I can go on a vacation or simply chill at home.	0
You don't have to be alone to feel lonely. Sometimes you're lonely simply because nobody seems to understand.	I am hoping to get a new job to get out of the emotional abuse.	0
Just hasn't been my kinda day these past few days.. Too much disappointment and frustration for my stress level	I'm thankful that my boobs are here to feed my child even if they make nowhere near what he need to eat	0
Stress is when you have teenagers and they come home late and forget to charge their phones. Nothing like being a parent to age you 100 years in the 7 years of teenagehood. teenagegirls parent	I just have to buckle down and study hard, and I'm sure I'll do well.	0
Feeling stressed. We have 10 inches of snow and its still coming down with no end in sight. And chances are Ill be forced to go to work winter hatesnow	I know I have a lot of responsibilities but it would be nice to just relax from them for a bit.	0
So I decided that my weird funk I was going through yesterday was from the amount of stress I have going on right now. It was so very unlike me yesterday. I was kinda worried about myself	Just remember all of this conflict will make you a better person in the end who is able to deal with anything that comes your way.	0
Quite possible that ill be getting done for murder by the end off the day	Putting in these long hours shows that I am determined, and will help me in the long run.	0
I wish I was a small bird.. Then I could fly.and I'd probly be dead by now too. Wouldn't. Have. To. Deal. With. This. sick	If I don't have luck right now it means I will have more luck in the future.	0
Apparently I was talking in my sleep last night and I was having a conversation with	I should learn to not stress out so much over graduation, work and final exams.	0
i dont fucking get it when bitches think it's cute to act dumb like no gtfo now	I am sure everyone is struggling on this paper although it will be finished soon	0
So hard to make decisions! Everyone seems to have something to say which doesn't help the situation!! hard don'tnowhatsbest	I'm thankful I have desserts in the house I can treat myself to.	0
Ughwhy are all my clients in a shit mood?? Pull the pinecone out of your ass and sell some flowers.	I slept too early, so now I won't sleep in time for tomorrow but I have learnt for the future.	0
Gradpic photoshoot, CHN folder, Research, preparation for duty, sleep. IDK what to do first :'((	I have to learn meditation to overcome my depression.	0
Comment which hashtag you are tired noenergy tiredoffeelingbad sleepdeprived singlemomma jeanstootight dadbod exhausted cantsleep nurselife 12hourshifts swingshift bodyaches migraines This will be fun	Having a sore throat during finals is no fun, but at least the end of the semester is in sight!	0
Normal people sad :  Instagram people sad : sad nothappy cry crying tears instasad sadness depressed alone help insta mood badmood moods upset	I will have an incredible day without any stress one day.	0
Nothing like racing to your dad's house at 3pm because he's having seizures and hallucinations due to alcohol withdrawal	Passport lost, passport found. Bag too heavy, moved shoes to hand luggage. Have to carry all my coats in my hands. But I am grateful I could make it to the airport inspite of the delay.	0
Bad news this morning. Rough week last week. Had to get a shot in my knee. Why? Just why?	I'm going to need a case or two of mikes hard strawberry lemonade to get me through the next 2 weeks. I'll have it, and I'm going to make it!	0
College hasn't even started and I'm already assigned a book to read for my two weeks left of summer.	The internet is down but I know there will be another way to get the classes.	0
My most used emoji is the one that's sobbing hysterically. So I guess you could say it's symbolic of my life right now finals	I'm going to think things through, so I don't end up with people I know are trouble.	0
Really don't know what is wrong with my child. And why she acts the way she does	Working all the weekend for the exams is somewhat difficult but theforthcoming Christmas events bring joy to my heart.	0
Hate not been able to sleep when your tiered. :-/, too much to think about and got loads to do tomorrow uni work xxx	Minor complications, but I know everything will work out the way they are supposed too.	0
Can't decide to buy Game 2 tix or hold off, gamble and buy Game 7 tix	Everything will work out eventually, and I will see the end of the tunnel.	0
I wish there was something that could tell me what the right thing to do is confused	I should have looked at my suitcase, I will do it next time.	0
I wish I could just see my future Sounds stupid but I'm so confused about everything in my life!!!	I don't have time for my for the next few months but after that I will.	0
I wanna feel good , why can't I ?? I hate feeling like theirs a pressure between my chest !!	Sometimes I get overly excited about things, and it can lead to disappintment, this doesn't stop me from being a passionate person though	0
8:30am PhD Defense = 2 orders of hot coffee travelers, 1 bottle of cold brew concentrate, some waters, juice, fruit tray, muffins and some bagels with cream cheese (and creole cream cheese) available. I hope Im not forgetting any	Stressed with finishing my projects and graduation stuff but if I work efficiently then in one day it will all be done and I can relax !	0
My to-do list is way too long. and full of really important things. How can I decide what gets done first???	When my friends don't text me back it's an opportunity to do something useful	0
I've been waiting all day for this time to come.. And it is finally here My BED! exhausted Greasetookovermylife	I have to finish my work after that I can take rest without guilty feeling.	0
Arghhh so stressed. Can't wait until this day is overand it's only just started! :(	Even though the finals make me stressed at least soon I will be over with those and will have a break.	0
i haven't had decent sleep this whole semester ugh so happy school is ending in 4 weeks	Public transport is a nightmare but I am proud of myself for sticking with it.	0
Physics homework and taking the SATs this weekend will either lead me to kill myself or have a mental breakdown	It's 2am, and I'm listening to music in the dark, feeling a bit down	0
I'm eating a lot.  Gained like 5 KGs, and going crazy! Gonna lose them before summer ughhhhh	I have to pray long enough otherwise I lost my points. I have to prepare myself in a good way.	0
I hate this place! It's all about money money money. You have to be rich just to live.  frustrated annoyed	Let's talk about this challenging move to another city my job is doing in less than two weeks!	0
Its crazy how all the teachers are cramming all this work on our last week..	I will pay anyone in chicken nuggets, if they do all of my schoolwork	0
such a horrible nights sleep and now i'm not even gunna be able to relax until 11 tonight	I will restock my kitchen with more chocolate, that way I can focus and lessen my cravings!	0
Nothing I hate more than being clueless about something , and not being able to figure it out	I hope I get a good night's sleep so that my head is cleared so that I can start afresh tomorrow.	0
That awful moment when your boyfriend knocks at the door when ur having a poo embarrassing Urghhhh	I guess I can see the funny side in you playing Love rears it’s ugly head to me.	0
The problem with being a woman is there's only so much DIY you can do before devastatingly ruining something!  girlproblems	It's been a pretty bad day, but hopefully things will be better tomorrow.	0
Never driving around Birmingham on my own ever again!!! Stupid roads, what a horrible 2 hour journey :(	Today's just oneof those days where I feel bad soon it get better.	0
Stress you made me do this. I mean eat this. lol stressed bonchon  @ BonChon Ayala Triangle	I have to write a big paper but I will be able to do it since I am a smart person.	0
I need food. Pref stodge that is totally bad for me. I know it won't 'set me up for the day' but sod it..	My nerves get through me, and when that happens, it makes me feel alive and like a person.	0
if you bring the weed ill bring you a girl lol funniest time with this kid.. crazy	Big changes in my life are making me nervous, but I know that it's big changes that makes us grow.	0
Great start to the day, no taxi :( hope this isn't a sign of things to come !!	I love to go to the gym or take a walk with friends, after a long week at work.	0
I'll be glad when I've finished doing the finishing touches on my party so then all I have to do it relax and get drunk!	You have to be strong and face this moment in life, I can't let it get out of hand and put me down.	0
Tell me how can i not be stressed when my car decides to get sick and I have a billion and one things to do :/ upset	I've learned from my mistakes and next time I'll pay more attention to what I write	0
i hate alot of things in life but my job is joint number one with man united fansyes i hate it that much	I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight after the tiring day I have had.	0
I want to do something, or go somewhere this summer. Sadly, I work every day.	I will find a place to stay eventually, I just need to keep looking!	0
Today? Today I feel stressed overwhelmed anxious scared worried pain lonely uninformed cheated duped misled hopeless no big deal	I would love to be done building this bed so that I can enjoy a good night's sleep.	0
How convenient is this, my laptop just completely went black and wont work in the middle of a pandemic with all my classes online and the store closed so I cant even bring it in  I am	Since good things in life take time and I am a patient person, it means I will be experiencing the good things when they come.	0
Vent, validate, centered adult course of action. /sigh. I'm frustrated, stressed, venting, whatever. Gotta accept. Still frustrated, stressed, coping. Why does everything always have to feel so hard. Why can't people just mind their own damn business. fru	I want to talk to him about something, but I don't want to start an argument. So, I'll talk very kindly, and I'm sure it will be okay.	0
Today's been a weird one. Ready to start training tomorrow and get my motivation up for the next few weeks ready	I don’t like summers and, I am waiting for it to end. Hope everyone else is having a great day.	0
If anything else goes wrong I have no idea how I'm going to handle it killpeople	life is stressful but is worth living at his fullest.	0
Anxiety, depression, and stress.. No friends, poor job, and antisocial.. Basically this is my life  sadlife	My grades don’t seem to go up inspite of my hard work but this experience has taught me a lesson.	0
Stressed? Learn to reduce anxiety and stress in 2 min w! Join 30SecondMom chat, Wed 8pmCT! RSVP!	I will be more careful with what I drink in the future!	0
To anyone who has a 401K, 403b, IRA, or whatever. You can trade/invest for yourself or employ someone. How are you feeling right now about your financial future after these crazy market moves? worried marketcrash DowJones	I'm overworked, but I know I can make things right if I pull through.	0
Probably going to fail my test tomorrow and the whole class in generalno big deal	I know I can make it through today and make it a miracle.	0
When you start eating your cuticles like chicken bones, it's time for the week to be over.	Feeling overloaded right now with what I need to get done, but I know in a week things will all be fine.	0
The only thing that's keeping me going is in a few hours I should have money in my bank! payday	I'm moving the rest of my things to Milwaukee. I'm sure everything will go smooth!	0
Good ol' Starbucks gettin us through the day Stressed .. Caramel Latte Choc Topping Yum	The USPS could really improve its attention with the packages it delivers.	0
I hate when you're always there to help someone and when you need something, they have every excuse known to man pissed	It might be hard, but im going to get through it!	0
Computer decides to log off and I loose my work! Thank you very much Lincoln library unhappy	Need a break from golf. What else to do...	0
What would YOU do if your home or business was victim to a break in? How would YOU feel? emotional confused ?	My day could have gone better in the doctor’s office	0
I was on vacation like three weeks ago and I'm already in need of another one.	I should be happy about it but I'm not. But that's not my choice, and it's okay, there are other things that can make me happy.	0
Proficiency exam today, work, and 20 photos to shoot for photo class won't be done until 9 pm. badday ugh. No dj-ing today sorry	I'm confused - I don't know whether to read all the Scandal tweets or wait until I can watch later! I'm excited either way.	0
When you feel guilty for feeling before the exam because you are not studying as much as your friends who are stressing out for the exam.	I have a bad car now but soon I will be able to get a new one.	0
Have to write about 1000 words in an hour and a half Not sure if I can pull this off	Moving a house is something that I don’t like, but the thought of a new house excites me.	0
Putting a hold on my account the day I'm suppose to register for classes.. Thanks kewl NOT	I have to cut back on my Words With Friends games for now, so I can get my schoolwork done.	0
I subscribed to a few different newsletters about happiness, stayingcalm, and avoiding procrastination. I am now anxious and stressed about the number of e-mails in my	It's during these unsettling times matters in life	0
The epitome of stress? when you spend ages recording videos whilst not feeling well, and your microphone decides not to work :/ stress	I never find time to relax and watch a movie, but today I am going to make sure that I do.	0
Hey guys, I'm sorry for being so inactive lately, but I'm really busy with college and I had a job interview on Friday!	I will try to schedule my classes soon.	0
Why did I ever decide to take an AP class Seriously going to fail every test in there	I didn’t have time for revision because I was working but at least I know for next time to prioritise revision over my job.	0
U will never know in life what ppl want but u will know ppl when r jealous at you	There's no point in letting other people ruin your day, drivers can be difficult to deal with but everything is momentary.	0
And now my hand won't stop bleeding and I can't find my stupid cream anywhere inpain	I'll do anything to help my son succeed and live his best life.	0
I always feel like my parents and sister always want me to feel like crap.	I'm getting a little demotivated for school, but break is coming up soon.	0
And there ain't no turning back when our train is off its track, and there's nothing we can do but watch it crash.	I'm pretty sure that everything bad will pass, and I will be back on track in no time.	0
have you ever been so trapped in the drama, that you can't tell if it's breaking you or making you stronger	I will start to exercise more just so I can get this stress out of my body!	0
My laptop is completely broken so how exactly am I supposed to work on my two essays before work crew???	My phone is not working properly because it is unfollowing people that I follow.	0
Two weeks today until holiday! I've never needed to get on that plane more in my life !	Going fishing on a boat with some cold beer would chill me out.	0
Lets see if I can make it thru an entire night of sleep without waking up randomly in the middle of the night WishfulThinking	I am thankful that at least I have my faith and chocolate to get through this week.	0
Exhausted from practice, but I have so much homework, I don't even know where to start. Need some motivation..	Just a few more days of finals and then I can rest	0
The amount of food I just ate in the past 20 min would appall even the fattest person on planet Earth. and I can't stop chowing	Despite the news that almost made me cry that the race is going to be tomorrow and not next week, I need to prepare myself in the little time I have and not be sorry.	0
ARE YOU SERIOUS?! You're gunna wait an tell me til I only have 2 days left, that I'm short 6 hours! Thanks Screwed	I hope people understand and don’t pressurize us and make life hard.	0
I want to tweet something. But my thoughts have been blasted to pieces. So I'll just tweet that. tired	Thank you lord for allowing me to acknowledge the futility of these useless arguments	0
I am no longer in 'Generation Y' but in the 'Grey Market' it seems fivegreyhairs	This next five days are going to be challenging, I'm sure I will get through them though	0
I don't want to work a 9 hour shift. I'm so exhausted and I still have to write my paper. Guess I am pulling an all nighter. :(	Having some trouble with yahoo emails but I'm sure they'll sort it out soon.	0
Just casually walking out side. SCREAMING at the top of your lungs.. Then casually walking bk in..	The last few days before spring break are not quite good. I hope I can handle the situation well.	0
Can life slow down for a second? I think I forgot to stress out over something	Back to work can be difficult but never impossible	0
Why the hell are teachers giving us homework when we have exams in less than two months	Customer service wasn't was bad, hopefully the next employee i'll talk to will be better.	0
E's tired. Will he do anything but scream? Nope. Last 25mins trying to nap him a complete disaster.	At least I get to make a meal, there are people out there who don't get to have food at all.	0
I barely eat anymore because just thinking about a few things makes me loose my appetite. annoyed	The time period before vacation is stressful but I love vacation so it’s well worth it.	0
I don't think anyone's as excited as I about it being the weekend Stressed *thanks the man above*	Tomorrow is a new day, soon this will, end and I will have no more worries.	0
That's 3 events I'm missing out on back to back .. Where TF is this fuckin fake ID broooo	I have been so productive lately that I forgot my birthday, no problem, my family and friends are there to remind me!	0
love my 2014 cherokee, except for the transmission and computer problems I've had since day 1.	Paying for my daughter's college is a difficult task, but I'm grateful to have a daughter who wants to study	0
Wish Mike would work faster! Going nuts being here. Ugh, miserable lazy people. Need to be in our own home again.	I know that tomorrow this anger I'm feeling will pass, for now I'll keep my mouth shut	0
The world got you stressed or pissedoff Check out "FireProof" by Wyldkardz - PLZ RT	I hope I am not late for work again.	0
Ive been stressed tf out this week and thus I just wanna party this wknd	Selfcare is a must and should form a part of one's routine to stay calm, happy and energetic always.	0
Trying to find a decent laptop in my price range with the features I want/need is like trying to find rocking horse shit	Even though these next few weeks will be hard, I know I have the power to handle all of it.	0
The only thing I hate about working is that I miss my First Take on espn and PTI with Around The Horn	I'm thankful that the end is near and that I have worked so hard to accomplish my goals.	0
Someone with a backbone, please come and tell the annoying girls in silent area, to shut up deadline goaway	I'm tired, and I have to work until August, but it will be here fast, and then I can relax and take some time off.	0
It's barely 10 am and all I want to do is go home and die tired	I know I’m alive, and I have feelings if as I watch the end of Fever Pitch I can feel touched emotionally.	0
Realllllly looking forward to coming home in 2 weeks. I need a little break from school	When I feel stressed at least I have the ebooks which help me get through hard times.	0
I feel sorry for I am a wreck 6 out of 7 days of the week. worry think	When you are not sure about something, trust your instinct and take your time to make a decision, everything will be fine.	0
Tomorro im keepin to myself and not tlkn to nobdy . Im goin treat myself and might jus turn my fone off for sum hours ! Stressed .	There's something wrong every day and creating stress for the last 6 days, but I'll grow through it to make things and days better.	0
It's been one of those days that I just want to find an empty corner, curl up and cry	It does hurt a bit, but I hope you can understand.	0
Not exams tomorrow, I need to put it work for Drama, English and Science. And I needa avoid getting caught.	Every bad thing will pass and good this will come in their place!	0
I've been sick since finals week at John Carroll. I'm over two weeks employed. I'm ready to be done. tired	I am feeling stressed, but I know the stress will be over in a few days when I leave for Spring Break. I know I can handle it!	0
I had a mental breakdown today thanks to college final exams and other aspects of my life.	As a lot of things have gone wrong today, I'm going to ask someone for help.	0
When you have a million things running through your head but you don't know how to approach half of them.. complicated	I'm sure that after I take this pill, my headache will disappear, and I will feel better.	0
I'd rather be busy and trying to excel than be busy and stressed aiming for	Sometimes I just need to work on my problems to solve them instead of complaining about them and waiting for someone to solve them.	0
I need paracetamol, a sandwich and someone to stroke my hair whilst singing soft kitty to me :s	There are a lot of heavy things going on in my life I'm grateful to have a support system to get through everything.	0
fuck you HOAE exam and fuck you vet programs for making me have to write it	There aren't many days left until I'm finally done with the school year.	0
I need someone to explain something to me please? I had a scan yesterday for possible suspected endometriosis or polycystic ovaries anyway as he was scanning my tummy he said "huhthat's not normal I cant find your womb" Now what the fuck does that mean?	The piano turner is here, I hope she likes the coffee I made for her	0
Make that money but don't let it make you, Hate to say but money makin me.ill never forget about what my uncle Says LiveLife	Somebody broke into a car and stole a car charger, but thank God they didn't steal the car too.	0
Been at the barbershop for a hour and im still not in the chair !	Even though I'm having a bad day, I'm just lucky to be alive.	0
If it came down do it, I would choose to leave this Earth and go to heavens with my God. I need peace.	I'm very thankful to everyone who are picking me up, while I'm going through a hard time. I appreciate it, and I'm confident I'll be better soon!	0
Man, I could use a massage from a girl with hands of an angel. Tense	I need to keep in mind it's only four more days of intense studying, assignments and little sleep, then I can relax and feel like I did well.	0
Usually I can't wait for bed time, but nowadays all I've been doing is over thinking an not sleeping..	These exams are making me frustrated, but I know that they are important for my education and my future	0
Wish I could just win a million dollars and chill the fuck out for the rest of my life	Going back to school again means that I will have more knowledge and I will be smarter.	0
I'm about to say screw this history exam review and just go to bed. tired	I hope no teacher assigns a project this week, due on the last day of midterms as it is a bit irritating.	0
I'm sick and tired if Haveing these big decisions i have to make. Its just one after another.	I have done well on every math test this semester. The final review packet is challenging, but I will use this packet as an opportunity to improve my math skills.	0
i could just go for a huge plate of chicken marsala and a mountain of mashed potatoes comfortfood favoritethings	Cheated on my diet today but theres always tomorow.	0
Off work early got a 100 bonus just for he show up .. Bottle tonight fuck with and fresh kush I betchaaaaa to collect $$	I may have a twitching problem with my eye, but that was a genuine wink because I like you.	0
It's just depressing leaving the house at7:30 am and not coming home from work till 10:30pm that night	You are welcome to tell me if you like me as I also seem to like you.	0
Dunno what to do.. I hate you one second and I miss you the next. i just don't know what to do anymore :( BabyMamaDrama	My week wasn't the best, things went wrong. But I'm sure next week will be better!	0
Wish sometimes it could be easier but I guess it might get a little harder before it gets a lot easier	I can’t see into the future and that’s hard I just can try my best in the present.	0
I hv got a feelng n z so bad abt my self coz m nt enjoyng tht m wrkng yooo	I'm feeling bad this morning. Hopefully I feel better tomorrow.	0
If I make it through the next week and a half, I will be the happiest girl on the planet	I don't know what to ask the boss at my job, but if I bring storm enough I will figure it out.	0
I hate groupings! It's like, you have to do everything they say. I prefer individual activities. lonerprobz staycalm	People sometimes forget things when they are worried and that is normal.	0
I have a lot of homework yet I took a nap and im going to a haunted house	I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight.	0
real nervous bout this Anat/Phys final why do i have to wait all day for it?	I don't feel like celebrating this year but I will buy presents anyways because I am thankful for the people in my life.	0
Some people just test my patience each day its wearing thinner and thinner and one of these days im just gonna go mad!	Solving polynomials and inequalities and still trying to remember other facts	0
Clocking out at 7 and still being at your job past 7:30 waiting for a ride thestruggles of not having a car or license	I am looking forward to basketball to divert myself. That would lift my spirits up.	0
Why does life seem so crazy from the inside but so calm on the outside. stupidlife	I think im going to avoid spending time with people that put me down	0
I leave college at the end of this month, and I have so much to do in such little time	I'm tired trying to juggle life's responsibilities, but once everything is clear things will get better	0
I'm tired of being pushed to this point. I don't like breaking down. It's not who I am.	Underwear and shoe shopping are boring for me, but I am glad to be out in the sun.	0
So much to do in so little time, there's too much stress on my poor little mind :( tired busy	I need to take rest to concentrate on tomorrow's work.	0
Only just realised I haven't got long left till my exam and 2 assignment submission	He broke a promise to do something. Maybe, he had some problems I have to ask him	0
think you'll be able to afford a lush massage this month ? I'm in bad need of one !!!!	Even though my hard work didn't pay off, I'm happy that I put in the effort because it shows what a diligent worker I am.	0
I wish I was mean enough to tell people no. I don't even have time to breath this week.	I am bidding goodbye to summer and starting to work 24/7. I hope my friends don’t think I am neglecting them.	0
I have no ass, mediocre tits and a big forehead, why am I not with some old millionaire already? Ugh.	Everyone goes through tricky experiences in life, I just need to push past them and come out stronger.	0
Can someone just hold me while I break down for like 20min? That's all I will need.	People can be really mean but at least you know who not to keep in your life.	0
Never knew the stages of grief were so "easy" to go through mad, sad, exhausted, done frustrated back to sad in minutes :(	I hope my girlfriend's mood improves so that she does not make me feel bad.	0
Anyone else feel like they are going to fail the algebra mid term tomorrow? Or is that just me	I hope work will end today and my boss doesn’t shorten my vacation. I would be glad to get drunk, see Sara and play COD.	0
Why am I already stressing out over two exams that are still two weeks away? Because I'm crazy, that's why.	I hope I get into a better frame of mind so that I can have some peace of mind soon.	0
i just look really gross and tired and dead sorry if my face scares you nosleep tired	I know Physical Chemistry is hard to me, But I hope I will learn it soon.	0
I've been trying to write you a letter and I thought it would be easy I was wrong .	I cry and get sick when I am stressed. Time to learn healthier ways to cope with stress.	0
Sometimes I just dont know if I want to finish this nursing degree placements being inflexible with shifts how are you supposed to manage work, Uni , finances reality is if we dont work then cant afford to become a nurse no wonder there is a shortage	When I feel overwhelmed, I tend to isolate myself. It would like to try to reach out to others more often for help.	0
I always have far to much time to think about things when I'm at work	I must try to control anger in all situations.	0
Sick of not being able to sleep at night cuz I can't stop thinking about what happens after hs.	I had a bad day today where everything’s gotten on top of eachother but it’ll be okay in the end.	0
It's been a rough week and I'm out like crazy. I don't even feel festive or in the holiday spirit yet, sigh.	Denielle James doesn't have a clue of her personal contributions as a Civil Engineer	0
so scared for tomorrow because I know its not going to be what I want	Today has been a slightly bad one, and it would be better if I vent out my anger ASAP. But anyway I am glad we are recording today.	0
Since I measured myself 3 weeks ago my dress has arrived but it's too big! Waaa! crying	I forgot my school work and left my keys in the car. I'd better get more sleep.	0
I basically live with stress as a permanent emotion now. I mean I guess thats how life goes ohwell cestlavie	Can't wait to be going home tomorrow I have had a tough time with the kids but I can relax now.	0
I'm still waiting for classes to open up so I can finalise my stupid schedule.	When the chores come to me for the same week, it gives me time to prove to myself that I can handle all of them.	0
been sick the past 2days, battery for my car went out on me, &TOM paid a visit. utaweekendtoo broke	I don’t have notes on the civil war that I need for my project, but I hope to get it from my friend soon.	0
is mobile and internet banking broken ? had trouble all day can't log in then can't transfer	Eating a slightly out of date ready meal but it’s better than having to buy a new meal.	0
I just need it to be Wednesday at 1:45. It's going to be a long next few days!	I'm confused, I feel like there are things that would improve my mood like a drink, a hug, more sleeping time, or all of that.	0
Sometimes I'm too confused.. Too many things on my mind Lots of decisions to be made!   confused	I don't like the problems with the printer, but at least I have one.	0
I have every reason not to trust you but you make me feel as if you never did anything wrong.	When I'm stressed, I just need to stay calm and rest to get my mood back	0
the amount of shit I have to do this week is unfathomablewhat's worse is next week is even worse	Y'all already submitting your nfotd2014. I'm not ready, but I will do it by watching Boyhood, BTL and Babadook. ('"B's").	0
Making lists, plans, schedules, and designs like I should be in a psychiatric ward. Busy	Grateful my mom can cheer me up	0
I am so bored I'm not sure what to do I'm stresed about moving house aswel though I wanted to move its hard Ive live here 6 years	People keep calling me JordOn and it is so funny.	0
Got a $2000 bill for GST from CRA when I closed my business account (and business) 5 years ago. I know it's an error but fuck	I hope the rest of the day turns out better than this morning.	0
If you find me in a corner crying this week-just bring me another glass of wine.	Working through her feelings after getting her shots will help our emotional relationship grow.	0
I was about to sing your praise until I ended up in cargo area of airport. Now I'm late! Is mercury in retrograde?	Although it's been hard at the moment, when it's summer season, I'll enjoy alot	0
I hate Fridays. All I do is run around daft paying bills and getting things done. It never feels like a day off at all.	The strike at PE college stressing me out. I didn't even get the bursary yet, I think I have to find other ways.	0
Because I have been sick for two days and haven't gone to school, Im now failing like all of my classesSo much funnot	Worried about my mom. Wish the doctors can find out what's wrong. But I'm positive she'll get better soon.	0
So frustrated. I can't concentrate at work ugh ugh ugh and its because of work.	I have a headache from not sleeping very much last night, but thankful he slept well and is ready for the race.	0
My left eye has been twitching for a straight two weeks Seriously this has to stop	Things will get better, they always do.	0
I'm drowning in work from my English Class. Spring Break where art thou? exhausted overload icant	The difficult moments only give me the breath to grow as a person and do not depend on anyone.	0
stressed ugh 3 exams on the 19th of June 2 exams Friday 2 exams Monday 1 exam tueday 1 exam Wednesday 1 Thursday 1 friday	Growing up and graduating from school is something that makes me nostalgic but makes me happy.	0
Night night everyone! Looks like tonight I'll be dreaming of diapers, tulle, lots of ribbon, and pink! BabyShower	Try to identify those things that tend to take away your positive mindset and make efforts to avoid dwelling on them.	0
So much to think about Glass of wine and a little reading after work before bed to try to clear my mind. confused	I have a lot of work to do in the next couple of days, but it won't last forever.	0
Only JUST left work pleeeeease let me make it to the station in time HOW slow can a driver be	I should put it off until the test.	0
I feel like I'm in a bad movieand the ending is not going to end so well	I'm close to graduation, and I'm confused about what I'm doing with my life, but I'm sure I'll figure it out.	0
I hate when everything's messed up but none of it is within my control..	I am excited about tomorrow as Monday's over.	0
I've seriously read this entire chemistry chapter every single day this week and I still don't understand.	Flat tire on my way to work. Hope the rest of my day goes well.	0
Finally an awful week at school is over now I just have to get through work!(: woreout	Dermot made some interesting choices on roof color that shows where he might be from.	0
I just can't keep up with all of these people that sudden entered my life.	Brucie is so cute, but not when he's pooing all over. Even though, I'm happy to have him!	0
These past two weeks have had me so stressed out and its not over yet	I wish I was home but everything I can do is accept the reality.	0
The weekends are supposed to be relaxing. But im stressing for a test Nd an essay	I hope my family members change for the better and get along well with me.	0
Sometimes I really just want to walk away and give up on all of this crap	It's finals week and I started crying when my dad asked me about napkins, need to control my emotions and focus that energy into studying.	0
TakeADeepBreath, hold for 2 long seconds then breathe out slowly on 3. When you feel overhwhelmed or	My coworkers could need some more training.	0
All I see on Facebook r posts of friends/family going on vac. I need 1 badly but can't afford it, hopefully it'll b my turn soon.	Time for bed exam tomorrow, interview Tuesday, exam Wednesday and exam Friday. Can't wait for this week to be over, so I can get some well deserved rest.	0
Today is not my day, thank god i'm home now and my poor little man is all tucked up in bed!!! :-(	I always worry about people, but that shows that I care.	0
I really hate hour cuts. With has been stressful enough without worrying about not making enough money. :(	I hope people come to realize that it is my caring nature that causes me to worry and not because I am mad.	0
It's not even 7am yet and it has already been one of the worst days of my summer. I hope the rest of my day goes better.	Some kids were saying the bio test was hard, but I studied last night, so I am prepared	0
That BIG sigh of relief after you've finally finished a huge assignment.. I can't wait to reach there	At least we like to stay busy in my family!	0
People think college students have stomach troubles from eating too much pizza? Maybe they're just and have bad peristalsis.	Time to learn how to manage my schedule better, so I don't miss out on anything.	0
My phone keeps sending all my texts to the wrong person &opening up random applications	I know that apologizing won't solve my wrongs but It is a great start to self-improvement.	0
Sorry that I've been neglecting Twitter in the past few days. There's just so much stuff going on in my RL at the moment!	I'm so frustrated today shout out to the man	0
Specifically waffles, the pinnacle of breakfast foods. Is it just not there or am I blind?	I hope I get more experience on the job in my initial days as the 4 hours of training are not really enough.	0
I hate being home when my brother is sick..having to clean up his throw up, get him stuff to drink, cold cloths for his head, ect..	Even though I want to lash out, I'm confident I can remain cool and calm.	0
By the end of nursing school I will have so many gray hairs I can just feel it.	It's 9:00 a.m. and I have a lot of time to make the day better.	0
I swear ill do anything to get Aliyah back but she making it hard	Dance team workshop in the cold I have to prepare for that.	0
I am just so done with this day, this week, this semester. I just want to quit everything.	I need to work hard to make up for the lost school day	0
I really need to invest in a punching bag! Never been this close to losing it	Gudmorning Everyone!!!! Even though my day gets worse every second, I hope you all have a great day and tomorrow will be better for me!	0
But it totally does make sense that I would get sick right in the middle of my busiest couple weeks right?	I haven't fallen back asleep since taking my car in at 8, despite no classes all day. But at least I'm glad that my car got fixed.	0
Maybe they should ask the STUDENTS how to improve instead of people who havent been in school since typewriters were invented!	It’s pretty amazing that teachers get perks, they do such a good job they deserve a massage.	0
Hate that feeling of being worried and can't even contact the person you are worried about Ugh!!!	I just need to stay calm to be able to find US somnies	0
This eye twitch has GOT TO GO!! I have had meetings all day and I look stupid with my right eye going crazy! pleasestop	I got a quarter of my chemistry paper wrong, but I did good on most of it so I don't think that's enough to fail.	0
Tea and honey? How about coffee and honey? I need a nap. I just can't seem to sleep well right now. So .	We are not all born learned so this week is teaching me how to understand the situations around me.	0
All tucked up wit a cuppa tea feeling rather sorry 4 myself having blisters on my lips boohoo	I hope I have better luck tomorrow with my day compared to today.	0
Whoever came out with 'I wish it could be Christmas everyday' should get a slap. Bah Humbug	I will take a long shower and relax thereafter watching a movie. Guess that will get me all charged up:)	0
extremely stressed about this physics exam tomorrow if I get less than a C I won't pass the class	I hope the time in school gets better over the next few days.	0
Really hoping this math test tomorrow isn't as hard as I think it's going to be	It is great to have showings for the house I just need these pigs to behave!	0
Alzheimer's is honestly so difficult to deal with. I feel so awful cause she just doesn't understand and gets so confused.	I will try my payment again, and it has got to work this time!	0
Have had a horrible week. Lost someone that meant a lot to me, my pup about died, and my heel is screwed up again.	Does anyone know a good seamstress? I'm trying to help my sister find a new one.	0
I hate waiting for a delivery!! Why haven't you arrived I need you for Saturday!!!	My child does not listen to me, but I know if I keep trying eventually she will get through to her.	0
I feel like I'm suffocating from all this stress. Like get off my back stress I will figure this all out eventually.	I always surprise myself with my strange abilities to do things without being aware of it!!	0
Im stuck in London Ontario my car is broken. I have court tomorrow if i miss my court date. Im going to Jail! !	I love having action packed days it's great to be always busy.	0
Feel like telling my teachers to keep piling on the coursework and ill be buried under it (Y) tired notsleepingproperly :((	We have to remember our olden day memories.	0
Speechless and sick to my stomach. Seems like today lasted forever. Time to pass out before I add grey hair.	Ready to know where I'm going to school. Admissions come at me	0
Have double exams on tomorrow and I still have so much content that I need to study :(	Learn lines in a week, down payment for college in two weeks, speech next Saturday, work, homework, and keep a social life to ease the rigor of it all - at the end, I shall have completed my months' to-do.	0
I knew it was a bad idea to open bills/emails after work instead of turning music on and waiting until tomorrow!	I cannot cop a break. I'm trying, but I feel I don't get anywhere. But I have to keep trying, because I'm not the kind of person who gives up.	0
A lot if work to do in a little amount of timeglad it will be over at the end of the week	I hope my wife and mom reach the hospital in time for my surgery tomorrow.	0
Why are our teachers so dumb and give us a ton of homework before finals week?.. sooo droppingout sho	It is difficult being given high standards as a child when you don't understand. But it is nice knowing you are the best.	0
STRESSED = DESSERTS SPELLED BACKWARDS IF U STRESSED JUST GET HUNGRY TURN UR PAIN INTO AMBITION and GRIND TO GET WHAT U WANT	I have been so busy lately but it feels good to have things to do.	0
Sorry for disappearing! Code red on a report due tomorrow-uploaded 10 hours before due date, and expected group members to edit it	How the internet would stop working when I'm on season 5, episode 14 of Breaking Bad is unnerving, but not to worry, I will get myself something else to do as I wait for it to return.	0
Im ready for this money to start coming in cause i cant do this no more	Even though I had a hard day at work at least now it's over so I can take time to relax.	0
8 exams this week. How is it Humanly possible to remember all that information :(	I keep myself busy with household chores to avoid overthinking and diverting myself to doing things that make me happy.	0
Do teachers purposely plan assignments to be due the same day as all of my other classes?	It feels like screwing up life to fail miserably, while trying to do better.  But will continue finding some way, anyway.	0
I have a midterm in a week and the notebook im supposed to study from magically disappeared!!!!	I've learned my lesson on procrastination. I'm determined to not put things off next time.	0
At this point im about to just give up on sleep for tn Impossible	I'm so thankful that I have the ability to take a vacation into the woods.	0
Smh, I am so over today.I just wanna cuddle up to my kido watch movies tired sick	This week started off wrong, but I know by the end of the week things will get better	0
I really wanna go to nym opening day, but we have a fuckin game that day -_____-	Moving to Florida will be awesome having Carsyn by my side	0
Well that day wasn't stressful at allI think I just wanna sit in the dark forever to the max	I am going to sleep so well later on.	0
This weekend didn't turn out how I wanted it to be.. I just want to go fishing.	Life is so busy with Christmas coming and the UK storm. It is an exciting time.	0
Money is a stressful thing when you have none and you know your car is just gonna die soon. Just trusting in God to provide. :/	Feeling so stressed and lonely, but so grateful to have you to cuddle and make everything better.	0
I have way too much to do in the next two days and I'm not sure how I'm going to get it all done!	Of course teenagers worry about schoolwork more than other issues of the school, but schoolwork is important so that's understandable.	0
Idk why I'm so homesick, but all I want is to not be here anymore stressed	My homework load is teaching me not to procrastinate. Every day is a new opportunity to get ahead	0
Hate it wen all the little geeks!! Finish school n hammer COD.. Go have a wank little boy I'm tryin to play!!	I can't wait to have my wedding and marry my best friend!	0
Working 2 days in a row is really inconvenient for having any time to do my hours of homework	I think I'm going to take a day off from packing today to get some other errands done.	0
These rumors really starting to get to me i thank i need to go to sleep :[ Help Lost iDK what to do man	Today is one of those days at work when I feel very tired. But also, I'm glad that I have a work.	0
I just need a holiday. A break from it all, A break from everything! tired	You should escape from your problems with a travel!	0
Broke as a joke. Is this virus ever going to end? Welp since im jobless heres my cash app $liveeey24 maybe ill get lucky jk jokesonme	If good things are hard to achieve, it's time to put in a little more effort, and then we'll start seeing them.	0
Tomorrow is such a big day! I have an interview that will decide my life for the next year at least, and it's dds birthday	I'm glad I'm going to have a ballet class tonight. Having class helps me to relax and forget the bad times.	0
been working since half 11, it's now 10 past 6 and I've still got to plan and start writing coursework	I'm going to court for some dumb things I did three years ago. I should just get probation, and I'm going to show that I've grown since then.	0
To the man stressing out over the figures on his spreadsheet, I'm sure it's not as bad as it looks :/	I should develop a keen sense of interest in math. This would go a long way in helping me stay focussed on the subject.	0
basically how I feel about this 200 point AP US History practice test tomorrow dying	My family are so supportive to do help in homework even my jaw hurts	0
Tomorrow is going to be one stressful day! Exam.. First aid course thing.. Going through all my work and sign it all off!! :(	Getting ready to gear up for some big decisions	0
I keep trying to finish this discussion post while watching this game but it's nearly impossible lol	Thinking about changing major. Scared but it'll be worth it	0
lost mah 4n bt Rdnt tell mah parents ama buy a new 1 2morrow i wanna fool 'em as fuck	Even if the community doesn‚Äôt support me with a project I love, my desire for it to be okay just gives me encouragement to finish it.	0
I need a box of doughnuts, chocolate, and a tub of ice cream so I can eat all my sorrows away. exams	I would prefer it if Colm did not participate.	0
I'm ready for another vacation and I've only been back to work for three days. That is not good.	Now that midterms are over I can relax and enjoy myself. I tried my best.	0
If friday doesnt go ahead I think im going to burst into tears sorry if ive been snappy with anyone today	I don't have my accommodation figured out yet but I am grateful for the opportunity to be a student at DCU.	0
Forgot how angry I get trying to park at the mall of america. You can imagine it.	Slow traffic gives me more time to listen to the radio.	0
OhioState study: 100 volunteers got identical blisters. Stressed out, angry volunteers took 4X as long to heal.	I hope Wednesday changes my mood and puts me in a better frame of mind.	0
The gym is my place to destress but these last two days I make it half way through my workout and then break down into tears.	My to-do list keeps growing but I know I can get everything done if I just focus.	0
Feet were killing meeee !!!! And I'm hungry . Missed the dinner part of varsity dinner	Getting a house or a new car could be a great experience for me.	0
I hate the fact that I have all these feelings for her but yet me and her can't be together all cause a choice we made that day!	I have a meeting with my supervisor to get better at minute taking.	0
I am sick of one class that has nothing to do with my major taking up all of my time. This is ridiculous.	I am getting a little confused on my homework assignments, but I'll take a break, unwind, and approach the assignment with a new perspective and all will be well.	0
i had a dream that my teeth were bleeding and i woke up n my mouth was full of blood bc i grind my teeth so bad when i sleep	I have a smile on my face almost everyday even though facing struggles	0
I feel a little as I feel that there are so man things that IShouldHaveDone a longtime ago. In Life Work Family Everything! Sometimes thats why I am afraid to even start anything!	Im having a really long day but I know that it will end soon and I can get on with my life.	0
Hate the way I worry over the stupidest thing and there's nothing even to worry about worrier needtostop	God gives us only things we can handle at a time. God must think I am special	0
These 3 days of hardly any sleep is really starting to catch up to me.	It really took a long time, it took more than 7 hours to get to Manchester.	0
Can not seriously wait to see the back of this week. In desperate need of a glass of wine. badweek tired	Kinda miss the weekends when I didn't have any plans. So, I can enjoy the alone time.	0
As sad as I am to graduate and leave here, this semester just needs to be over BOC biggesttestofmycollegecareer	I love you, too! I should be done with studying after tonight!	0
UGHH WHAT SHOULD I DO FOR MY 2K TWEET?!? It is such a hard decision!!!	I can't sleep because I lost my bus pass, but I'm going to keep looking because I'm not a quitter.	0
Cleared your head? Yeah ill give you two more months for it to fill up again! pissed stressed hurt confused !	It was just a bad day... not a bad life!	0
Feel like absolute shit,back pains and chest pains,so much on my mind errgggg!:'( back shoulder pain football	Sometimes one needs to accept that you'd better throw the towel. Don't be hard on yourself, some things aren't meant to be. When one door closes, another opens!	0
I spent practically all of my break studying bio and chem, and am still unsure about all of the test material.	I have been really stressed lately but I will feel better after I can relax	0
My kids are being soo bad today! Rosas for dinner and finishing work for the semester! Ready for summer break! exhausted	I know the way I am feeling right now, I actually dont like to have this attitude of fuck everybody. But I am sure that is what I going to do, if I donot change my thinking.	0
Not being able to take rescue remedy till i have driven to college because there's 23% alcohol in it!!	I am going to meet a doctor to get well soon.	0
But WHY do old people watch videos without headphones at the airport? Its just as bad as loud chewing	Feel like having a mental breakdown but I can pull myself up from feeling like this and be back at my peak.	0
Sorry y'all had to see me having sex on the staircase there but 219 people died because I was on my medication	I'm so thankful that I have financial aid for my kids that is going to college soon.	0
3 test tmrw 1 Friday I hate how teachers cram the week before exams n give us tests back to back	I need to learn how to ignore distractions and focus on studying.	0
Sometime you just need to kick and scream. Throwing a tantrum now and then, when you're alone isn't so bad.	School can be stressful, but I'm thankful for the lessons I'm learning. They show me that I'm not alone, there are many others like me, and I can have a bright future.	0
In desperate need of four bottles of wine, a large pizza and some sappy movies	I understand that people need to be more careful and responsible, but I have no power on their decision so I need to focus more on myself.	0
I'm literally stalking our media guys on Twitter because I can't stand that my iPad is behind.	I hope Berdych has better luck going forward and does not take to heart the comments made by the Czech media.	0
Having to sell my pc is not the easiest thing ive ever done, but id rather not be homeless. Still trying to catch up on rent so i can save to get my daughter a car seat and bassinet at least. I swear stress is going to kill me.  money taxes PregnantWife	I'm feeling really stressed out, but I will have to do something nice for myself soon.	0
If you see me today I apologize, I'm sick and have way to much to do grumpy	Waiting for Friday when I will have all the transcripts for ready reference.	0
Dinner in the slow cooker.. Laptop put down now time to chill and watch chick flicks on the sofa	I believe my teachers decided to take a break from the assessments, because mine are stopped.	0
Million things goin thru my mind!!! It's crazy. Cuz I really only want 2 of them .	There was a shoot out in my neighborhood. I am thankful that I am safe.	0
So trying to find a wedding venue Why are we trying to do this in 6 months and on a budget???!!!	I'm so excited and grateful for a new opportunity to study and achieve my goals!	0
Attempting to download a video on Pod TDM Bops2 when I got 18-6 but it isn't working. I hate it when things like this happen!	Life is filled with some many stressors and challenges but the more I experience the better I become at handling them.	0
I hate Verizon right now! Because of it, i can't send texts to any non iPhones and I can't make calls! pissed.	I think I want to take a nap for 2 hours	0
Have to wait for a replacement train, no one seems to remember what platform he said it was coming into :/	Even though you don't want to talk, I'm glad I still have fishing and beer.	0
So much to do;so little time.that's why I'm so ! An extra hour in the day would help.I think I'm gonna take a few vacay days!	Although my house is messy, I can't wait to travel and enjoy myself.	0
been sat here for over a hour and a half now and not even wrote a paragraph on this one assignment of about 573737 of them!	There is nothing really to do right now.	0
Today is a bad day and I really don't like bad days :(( I need to escape from here	I did a little run today so I can be healthy and do more tommorow.	0
still need to do my tan and straighten my hair and im in work early grrr	My test will be over with soon, and I'll get to have some fun!	0
oh I've text you loads!!!! We are getting pissed when I get home sad needya xxx	I need to practice taking exams, I am sure after a few practice papers I will be an expert.	0
Once again I can't sleep.the nightmares are horrible!! I'm ok when I'm kept busy, when I'm not, it's rough. sad	It's hard being sick and having so much to do, before I leave tomorrow.	0
It's unhealthy for me to rant on twitter so I'm just gonna lay here and talk to myself specialj	I had a super long shift which was awful, but I'm going to really enjoy tonight which makes it worth it.	0
Senior year! Gonna live it up" Yeah right. All I do is school, hw, college crap, cheer, eat, sleep, repeat. future	I hope I get better at reading you so that I can get a better idea about what's on your mind.	0
Freaaaaaakkkk!!! I'm going crazy in what to do!! Should I try to transfer now for fall or next spring semester ahhh!!!	I feel good as new one day I try to be positive.	0
tired and really not in the mood for people's crap. Welcome to the final week of	All of a sudden I forget how to drive just turned off my car without putting it on park. School gots me fucked up already.	0
I've got dark circles under my eyes . How do I get rid of them?	I'm going to go through these next 10 days and relax a bit once I'm done!	0
College is going to be the reason I have grey hair at the age of 20	People usually have problems falling asleep but this problem goes away with time.	0
Got 20 dresses out wondering what to wear morro depends on what lipstick i have got to match stressed haha x	I have changed so much over the past two years. I have grown a lot on some aspects but one thing that changed for worse is strees-eating.	0
Honestly, I've never been so scared before and the fact that I don't have a choice about it makes everything worse.	I hope I can divert my mind and relax for a bit, as this is somewhat tiring.	0
I just need one day to relax and not have something go wrong. Apparently that's too much to ask for. Struggling	I wish I could crawl and stay in a hole to enjoy some peace of mind.	0
In agony.. walking but in agony cant take anymore drugs or i'll sleep till friday  tired	Even after waking up late today, thankfully I got to school on time.	0
I need about a week long vacation away from everybody. BY MYSELF!! Or some racing somewhere or something. Just need to get away!	so many things to do I have to dedicate myself more to be free. I know it will pass soon I just need to concentrate	0
how do I find out if I accidentally left my folder in a dressing room in primark	I have C3 and English lit on the same day; looks like I'll be learning a lot!	0
well we have that stupid buy it thing due the same time so i got it out of the way. SO MUCH WORK	I am starting to feel extremely overwhelmed to lay on the bed.	0
Hope i neve have to make a claim on my insurance since it just took half an hour for someone to change my address!	I'm ambitious and have a lot to get done, I'd like to learn to be more organized so that I remember everything I need to do.	0
Things I hate about family vacations: parents making me responsible for directions but then freaking out about which road to take	Off early to Sheffield tomorrow. Tracking down some dodgy chromosomes in the morning and off to visually perceive my Lifetime Favorite Engenderment - in the afternoon (providing we both survive the morning and aren't hideously delayed at) ?	0
Why can nothing b easy?4got part of my furniture,have a chip on the table,my mom giving me grief. People wonder y my BP is so high	I need to plan to be able to sleep in the next few days	0
If I don't make it into the nursing program in the spring ill fuxkin cry n if I do make it in ill still fuckin cry	It's two weeks before I finally have some time to myself, I believe my family isn't doing me very well.	0
The worst part about house hunting is getting your hopes up and down about certain properties. ugh	Being on the field would have been better than being in this truck, as I would have got some relaxation.	0
So uni have just moved the deadline on my work from the 22nd may to the 12th may, that's ten days less fml	I'm going to focus and get all of my homework done.	0
OMG!! Not okay!! Haha Yes you are right, I would be freaking out right now!! Lol	I cried for an hour tonight. It feels good to let go of stressful feelings.	0
My rendition of the typical white girl bubble bath photo opt longhairdontcare stressed muchneeded whiteg	I have a lot of things to do this week. If I don't get organized it will be a very stressful week.	0
General Transfer to a hometown school : My year long Fighting continues against HM , MC and seniors' conspiracy ! :(	Looking forward to next Tuesday	0
Trying to sort my order out with is probing difficult!  nobody getting back to me!	I have a lot to do but if I challenge myself I will get some amazing results by the end of the year.	0
For the record, having your heart beating with the same rhythm as a stalling car engine is NOT a comfortable feeling. Panicky	It will feel so good after it is all done!	0
I wish my life would just stop falling apart already. :( I don't know how much more I can handle!	I think I am going to need a new approach as what I am doing at the moment is not getting anything out of the event manager.	0
Is it possible to die from stress overload because if so I am close to that point. stressed	I made the train to Preston on the last second! I'm very lucky!	0
I keep missing my morphine dose 'cause of this bullshit and it's really starting to be a problem.	Busy busy. Lots to do. Feeling productive	0
The amount of work that needs to get done is ridiculous. If you need me, I'll be at the library	Every hard thing I go through in life makes me more mentally resilient	0
Why does everything always go wrong at the same time, not one thing at a time!!!!	It seems that today the student loan application is having problems, this is the third time I have tried to access it.	0
It's days like these where I wish I was a business major or some other joke. EngineeringStruggles	Only 5 months left until our wedding. Planning all the details will help the day go smoothly.	0
Man I hate finding taxes. It so confusing and stressful to me. Thank God I got it done.	I have such an exciting life with lots of school work and a dinner dance.	0
But more stressed about the possibility of not having enough time to watch the Oscar-nominated flicks in order to make educated guesses.	I hope I get into interesting projects so that I get some spice back into my life soon.	0
So I'm playing candy crush on the bus then look up and realise that Ive missed my stop wet	Any time now I am going to understand this game and get good at it.	0
Just asked my cat a question expecting an answer. I'm slowly turning into that crazy girl.	Professor told me he can tell how stressed I am based on how heavily dot my i's on my quizzes. Today the dots are very big and dark. I hope this is not true.	0
Sometimes a girl needs to treat herself or she will go more insane than she already is. manipedi relax crazyworld	I'm so angry right now I could cry, but without these moments I wouldn't be the person I am right now	0
Day off work tomorrow to finally start media law assignment, less than a week to hand it in	I am really happy I got a wedding gig today and the possibility to make some money	0
I was looking forward for tonight for a week. And nothing we planned happened disappointed	These scenarios show me that I always have to choose the bathroom first.	0
Lads can be so annoying you say one thing and they go in a mood so easily!! :-(	I am tired of this place, but hereafter I won't be like this I am going to live a new life.	0
Scheduling officials for elite 8 and beyond is difficult. Especially when you have to go around schedules and 10 games a night.	I hope this week is not going to be rough as timing is not on my side lately.	0
I'm sorry, I cannot make it to classes this week if the royal baby is still not born.	Need to change one of my clocks as it's set an hour late.	0
Is it weird that when Im mad I organize my dairy bowl binder and study?	Facing the end of semester after 3 weeks of sickness with so much to do is something difficult, but God will help me cope up with it.	0
I hate losing even thou I had a good game I still wanted that W Next's game at 5:15	I have to begin the Christmas chores soon after finding out about the likings of people.	0
today the Pats game and 's first game starting are both at the same time, and i just can't watch two games at once	I don't know how to start my essay, but I'm so thankful I have until January to figure it out!	0
Are you feeling ? Persistent stress can cause eye-related and vision problems like blurry vision and dry eyes! Manage your stress to look after your eye health!	Considering I finished work so early, I'm only now getting in. But it's okay, I'm glad that I made it.	0
3 hours later and the application still isnt ready, second interview tomorrow argh not sure i even want this job anymore	I'm in one of those moods where anything anyone says is annoying, and you want to just yell at the world, I should try and relax and think of the positives.	0
My stress level just shot to the roof realizing I leave for Vegas in less than two week and have no summer clothes	Sometimes nursing school can be rough, but I know I can push myself to finish.	0
I'm bored feel like knocking crap out the bag !! Right of the garage I go punch box kick fight to much energy	Even though it is expensive, I cannot help but change this fuel pump, it is very important that everything works correctly.	0
ive gotten so lost in cleaning my room that ive now rearranged twice and hung up my lights just to take them back down and hang them back up again	I hope we get to Thursday quickly so that I can be done with all my papers for this week.	0
Feeling alone and feeling like you always have to do everything hurts and is the worst feeling in the world.	I'll organize myself and that way I'll be able to do all my homework	0
I just want one thing to go as planed and not be complicated but apparently that can't happen.	Someone will decide for me if I won't.	0
Anyone else get into those really sad moods, where you kinda just wanna cry and go to bed? confused	I smoked three packs today, but I'm going to try to quit.	0
coming up empty on nice words so i'll just shut up. feeling drained. so . =(	Feeling sad is part of the experience of being alive! I'm glad I get to experience these emotions!	0
How come whenever you have something important to do on the computer it seems to have a stupid freak out and not work? annoyed	Today has been a really emotional roller coaster, I know tomorrow I will feel better though	0
Revision actually sucks, especially when the exams tomorrow and you don't know anything, cannot wait for these exams to be over!	I love my work so much I dread having to take a day off.	0
Oh its okay computer, you can die two days before a test when ALL OF MY NOTES ARE ON YOU fucked justwhatineeded	I hope to get a new apartment and a pup soon, so that I can settle down.	0
Managers: are your employees stressed in the workplace. Try these tips to boost morale and productivity.	I definitely can't do more than one thing at the same time, I admit the people who can.	0
Probably one of the worst nights I've had in a long time, so glad it's over.	I'm tired from school and work, but I think I'm able to push myself and go all the way	0
May only be a short week but it's bloody tough so far! roll on the weekend..	I've never been more unhappy with a rehearsal in my life It makes me happy.	0
Seems like I'm gonna have to start going back to smoking again . But at the same time I need to get this job .	Teachers are supposed to make students have tests so it's normal.	0
dam when am i gunna move smh i hate the feeling of not knowing theFeelingofTheUnknown	It's been 8 years and I'm going through this stress again, I hope that	0
Running a restaurant Is so difficult I now admire what my parents do on a daily basis	Despite the little issues, I'm sure I'm going to get past the term paper for communications!	0
Today is one of those days when I just want to sit at home with my cats and my mother and talk	Too tired to sleep. So why not meditate instead to calm myself down and feel positive?	0
I can feel so much tension in my shoulders and I just want it to go away :(	When the semester is over, I'm going to feel better	0
I just emailed my diss lecturer st 2:30am and was angry that he didn't reply.	I am fed up with college, homework and teachers, but something tells me that I will go back home soon and enjoy with my parents.	0
If you think an 8-hour work day is toughtry going to school after for another 2.5 hours. crazy learning MBA	One week is all it takes to put up with Lexie. Thereafter, I can be on my own:)	0
Yup failedI hate this class. If this is what college is I don't want to go into college.	Determined to get a new job and my own house	0
Literally the shittiest day ever! I've never wanted to hide away for the rest of my life so bad! Oh wait I have.	I need to start buckling down and studying, so I can succeed in my business major.	0
I think Orange Is The New Black has given me acid reflux - the writing for this show Is nuts netflix	Text me if you're at the crown game looking forward to seeing you! I need to plan better next time so you can meet my friends as well instead of us all being lost.	0
I actually hate supermarkets, it takes me forever to find what I want. Doesn't help when also shopping for the boss!	When I have clear ideas in my study area, then I can balance my notes.	0
If these dick heads put me on another driving ban , Il stringgg my license is apart of mannn	I have been feeling tired when I wake up, but I am grateful that I have many positive things in my life right now.	0
Pretty much the worst few days of my life! Now Going to curl up in a ball and sleep sick tired	I hope the things I have planned for the next month go smoothly so that I am in a better place.	0
Literally growing grey hairs as they fall out of my head so damn everything is on my mind.	I really don't like people who aren't true to their feelings, it makes me even worse when there's a lot going on.	0
I wonder who invented education Just wished that you come back to life, so i can end you again.	Hey, only a single test until I'm off and can sit and chill for over a week!	0
Yard Sale including items we never wanted to sell. This is what happens when you are struggling and desperate. You try to keep going any way you can even if it means giving up everything. Who am I kidding? This isn't going so well. struggles poorhealth broke poor	The fact that I feel older, means that I am smart!	0
BURNING THE MIDNIGHT OIL. So many stuffs to attend to, and im not even Halfway yet! :(((((	My life is stressful right now but I'm able to handle it	0
I wonder if I'm the only one getting grey hair when I think about prom	Basware has been out of action for a week now and I still can't get on it. I have to find a way.	0
im starting to realize it was a bad idea putting off all this transferring stuff oops	I am going to have a fun night!	0
Swear my baby momma pisses me off How hard is it to let me know you made it somewhere safely?	Easyjet app servise could use some improvment	0
I need someone to make me a mix CD for my roadtrip to LBC in 2 weeks cuz I'm gunna be too broke to buy songs on iTunes. Ha sad	The auditions stressed me out but at least I have auditions to attend so that's good.	0
OMG gonna run for drama during sports day I scared I embarrassed drama Haiz I scared I dragged people down str	I don’t like the biggest athletic story of the year breaking before the finals.	0
My eyes are starting to close.. ughh.. I'm not done studying yet.. please.. i gotta study.. please..	Being a fan is a stressful thing; the benefits are great, though.	0
What a stressful day I hate studying for mock exams Anyone talk idc how TwT	This week is almost over so my anger will be gone once it is over.	0
I bet I will have my first grey hair by the end of this year!	I hope a good night's sleep will turn my fortunes around and make the rest of the week better.	0
The bags I have under my eyes look crazzzyyyyyy , they've never look this bad shesh WhatIsSleep *	They say after the hard times come the good times, so after these weeks I believe it will be better.	0
The fact that today has been one of the hardest days in a while<;<;<;<; tired	I don't know how I'm going to make it through this week, so I'm going to reach out for help.	0
it's a "kill-me-now" day for me, seriously can't think and can't move nowi'm too weak for tomorrow! _ killmenow	Finals are in like 5 days! So I have to make the most of my time during the weekend.	0
It's so hard living in another country and being The crazy maid of honour bridal planning	inally going to get out of my current living situation thankgod everything worked well	0
This day could not possibly get any worse. I'm ready to go to sleep and be done with it.	It may have taken me longer than others to decide what I wanted to do with my life, but now that I have, the sky is the limit!	0
Could do with a few days on a desert island no one and nothing to stress me out!	I am stressed about the upcoming event but that means that something exciting is about to happen so it's good.	0
I just want to find a party bus that'll let me bring a keg and a karaoke machine on board for my office party I'm throwing	The cold sore I have won't last for a long time so at least I will feel better later on.	0
Why do managers feel the need to pile on paperwork and audits when we want to just spend time caring for patients the way we want?	Maybe after this project is done I can take some classes and get better at using a computer!	0
Absolutely hate trying to find a song when you only know like 5 words of it ugh	There's a lot of talk about university and marks in grade 12, this is making me think a lot about my future and the things I want to accomplish	0
In Biology today, we checked our pulses per minute. Apparently the average should be about 70-80 I got 96. :/	I have a lot to thank for finishing all the tasks of the "how to"	0
Im at the Miss Connecticut pageant right now (watching/emceeing as a past winner) and trying to watch the Belmont on my phone and Im because this place has terrible service	It will be better if I go downstairs and sleep now as otherwise it would take a long time for me to fall asleep.	0
I think I'm going to take a nap and then finish this studying. God I hate organic with a passion. :( overwhelmed	Going forward, I should begin studying earlier than one day before for my exams. I think it would improve my grades and get my ideas flowing.	0
OMG , now trains in traffic are u serious. Bog off with ure signal failure	The sooner you start working, the easier it will be after you deal with stress.	0
Absolutely shocking customer service from trying to return a faulty bag never shopping there again !	I'm glad I get a chance to relax after everything I've been through.	0
I'm so emotionally and mentally exhausted, I don't know how much longer I can go like this	Ancient flood myths might be explained with his graph of historical sea levels	0
I had the worst day ever, and it keeps getting worse. I hate school, Macbeth, this essay, working, and math.	I enjoy when I finally get off work as I am able to spend time with my Kids.	0
It's gonna take everything I have to make it through those dreadful 4 hours tomorrow.	Things aren't going well for me now, which means that they can only look up soon.	0
Packing my room up an find a little bottle of Jger, think il need it when im finished!	I hope the coming days are better even though the White House is getting occupied by Trump for the coming 4 years.	0
well this is definitely not how i expected my grade 12 year to start sick	Teachers should really rethink giving exams the week before finals.	0
Is there anyone out there shooting long period time-lapse that is not in a controlled environment?	My current situation is such that a vacation outside MN will surely relax and rejuvenate me.	0
I wish I could just go away for a while and not have to deal with life right now. confused	I feel bad when I get annoyed, but I try best to overcome it.	0
I've came to the realization that I can barely tolerate anyone anymore..why do people act so ignorant and not realize it. annoyed	Even though I am tired because of how busy I have been during these weeks at least it means that I have things to do and that my life is active.	0
The moment where your mind just floods you with everything that went wrong in the semester and your stressin out	I can't book my skills tests anywhere, but I know I'll get past this soon.	0
I really hope I'm not the only one whose going to fail that geography test tomorrow.	That moment when you realize that you have a lot of things to get done and life was better while on vacation. Already looking forward to the next one.	0
At the hospital right now, been a bad boy so now i gotta check checked up.	Tonight's Hell's Kitchen really brought the emotion out of me.	0
Took me this long to actually get twitter and now i dont know how use it	Life has been a bit tough on me, but I hope to get some sleep to feel better.	0
So tired Just wanna sleep:( don't know what's wrong with me these day sleepy confused	If you are stress, Tapas Acupressure will help you a lot.	0
Just when i thought my week couldn't get any worse i get pimples on my face.	Wake up to an email saying you have a job due today that you thought would be Thursday and be grateful that you read the email on time!	0
I just need to seriously just breath to get through today, or have a drink	I'm going to use all my accumulated stress to start some sport	0
Ugh im so sick of homework i need a massage really bad to relax my mind	I have to organize my schedule to do my tasks and then rest	0
Ahh! I hate perpetually people! I just want to hit em over the head like whack-a-moles. Work makes me violent.	I need to know when will the gold medal game take place.	0
I wish professors would let each other know when they schedule tests so students wouldn't have multiple tests in one day.	I hope I get to exchange the shoes that I have bought today which seem defective.	0
Mike Tomlin look like he smoke hella squares and drink a fifth after each game	SNHU's Lit 200 classes only have up to 10 kids, but I'm hopeful that I'll get in. Fingers crossed.	0
I really wana just cry cause I'm so tired but I wana study for SAT but physically can't	New skill learned on the way to Indiana - I can now add tire changer to my resume ! Have had 2 blown tires to practice with so far.	0
all these exams are stressing me out!! i just hope all the work i will do will pay	Even though I am tired my mind is still very active after a busy day, my brain loves to work.	0
Worst day in a long time. college jerks noboyfriend nosleep notime stresspimples I hate complaining but I am a wreck	I was really close to finishing my school work, today has added up a little, but if I keep up my pace I will be done with it soon	0
I don't know why I always stay up so damn late writing essays. It's not due for over a week, GO TO BED	The doctor appointment going well today was a lot to ask for, so I can handle the other issues.	0
When you're still not done with your paper that's due tomorrow and you have 6 exams next week (4 of which are on one day)	It will be a challenge to get the work done by 10:30 when my boss wants it.	0
I've been feeling overwhelmed lately. Could really use a hug, or any advice yoga or meditation that helps you let go?	It's crazy how once you start working and going to school all you want to do in your free time is lay in bed and sleep. I guess I'm having a good night of sleep today.	0
I'm sick n got a lot on my mind. This really don't mix well .	Visiting your past is not always good. I hope these next four months come faster.	0
3 year old temper and then the other 2 walk through the door and fight and scream and angry roll on their bedtime	I'm pretty sure that If I rest I will get better, and then I get to finish my projects!	0
Peed off cuz I missed Twisted tonite. And really mad cuz what everyones sayin sounds like it was crazy. . Ill watch it today	When I focus on stopping procrastinating, time won‚Äôt matter because I can do my homework.	0
ugh waking up to find your website down is not what you need when you're about to have a baby :*(	It has been a rough month so the next ones are sure to be better.	0
I've never been pulled over and the one day I'm having a terrible day I get pulled over. myluck	I woke up feeling sick but I am trying to wake up a bit and feel better.	0
Life sucks your brain, when your mind cant concentrate on what you want to be in future, with a lot of disturbance and stress in your surrounds which forced you to get lazy on your own passion work. " LifeLessons	The good thing about all these distractions is when it's over I'll be more focused and do a more appropriate review.	0
I am devastated by Southwest airlines. Website does not work and no one answers the phone. fail	I hope I can sleep for sometime after this exhausting day with a headache.	0
In car on way to set! Latedriver just stopped for fuel heavy traffic, production called twice wondering where we are!!	It is normal to cry. Everyone has a bad day and I know there are going to be a lot of questions at work but this is normal. It shows that they care about me.	0
My essay is so bad that I don't even want to hand it in tomorrow	Need to get happy don't see that happening though hope for tomorrow	0
You know how some people gain weight when they're unhappy yep I've seen it with my buddy never seen him so and unhappy wow	The next time I get angry, I'll take a deep breath instead of tweeting angry	0
That moment when I'm eating an apple and it snaps in half before I get a bite bc I don't realize how tight I'm holding it	Anxiety is momentary, If I just keep my mind off things, it will pass and everything will be ok.	0
Ever have those days where u just want to fall off the face of the planet? I seriously want to disappear sadface	That was a great use of my time. Now to do homework to extend my knowledge	0
As days go by i start to care less and less about alot of things	I had a difficult day and now to end the day I can't get to sleep, but I'll take this opportunity to think about the things I can be thankful for.	0
I just had the biggest over 12 hours sleep not sure if feel energised or more tired	After I am done with this week at school, I will get a much deserved break!	0
This garage sale is already driving me insane and we haven't even had it yet.anxiety shiteverywhere garagesale	It's hard to focus on school, when other things are running through my head, but I'm strong, and I know I can do this.	0
Please pray for me: strength, patience, understandingall of the above! This is gonna be a rough October trying	I hope to enjoy some peace of mind for 5 minutes when I return from work.	0
been feeling quite meh the past few days. very stressed out.. and worried about if everything will come together as i hope :(	If you don't consider resigning at least once a week which is great	0
Being so stressed that as soon as I am alone I couldn't stop the tears that rolled down my face.	I would like to go back to school but I hope to decide soon about what I wish to do.	0
Had to reapply for a visa for Sri Lanka as my visa I applied for weeks ago got deleted from my email and then vanishedand my boarding pass said I need all hard copies of my travel document (visa/passport)	I am feeling terrible right now, but I know that this too shall pass, and I will feel better again and become stronger.	0
Don't know how were expected to make a decision that can determine the rest of our lives at 16 worried	Even though I am confused on the picks I have to do for classes, I am sure I will eventually figure it out because people explain things at school.	0
Sometimes I just wanna pack up n start all over again. Today is 1 of them days!	I'm really looking forward to my trip on the 14th, I have needed the break.	0
What the hell is wrong with me I come home from work and just burst into tears?	I'm sure I can manage to study for the exams and do my homework if I organize my day to fit everything in it.	0
I swear my chest would feel better if my heart could be ripped from it.	Soon enough, my alloys will be sold to a civic owner!	0
If I wasn't already taking a personal day, I think I would need to take a sick day to recover from those games	I am stressed but the fact that I will have a pizza makes me feel better.	0
For now I'm just going to sleep before I say or do something stupid  goodnight	It's great that people can come to my house and celebrate, having a party and my room will be nice and clean after I sort it out.	0
I got work in 3 hrs &I'm in hell with this pain again.. These drugs the dr prescribed aren't working exhausted wat am I gnna do	Only half an hour and I'll be ready to start my presentation at the conference, better hurry up to get there!	0
I have so much to get done and it's always all at once and I have a cold and just want to sleep	One of the worst days so far, thankgod this is over and better days are coming.	0
Had a long week! and I got the weekend off! You know what that means	I'm not sure why I set off alarms in stores, but I'm just glad I'm an honest person who doesn't shoplift.	0
Safe to say I'm sick of my life right now, doesn't help that I'm giving up smoking!! angry	I'm aiming to improve my grades this semester and get one step closer to my goal!	0
Car breaking down on Christmas Dayfinding out its gonna cost an arm and leg to fix.2012 can kiss my grits!	Just a bit more before the end of work and no more dissertation stress! It's great to have the normal Claire back!	0
is it really bad if I just have a few glasses of wine right night alone ?	Waiting for this semester to end so, I can enjoy.	0
This drive home from vegas is taking forever. This wind is no joke and I hate driving in it. windsucks nervous	The best way to resolve conflict situations is to act peacefully	0
Not looking forward to work in 7 hours. Meh! Roll on Friday a day off! tired	TIme to start budgeting, so I can make it to the concert and wear my new shoes!	0
being ignored by that one person when you need to talk to them the most	Change has been hard for me in the past, but I'm working toward being able to accept it.	0
I think I went into Christmas mode a little too early, leaving stuff till the last minute is not the one	All of this studying is making my stomach hurt but it will be over soon.	0
Good&Bad News. You get it KatawaShoujo uploaded a few hours early b/c I have to run to take my grandmother to emergency	It's days like today I wish I was still a child and had my mom to do everything for me. Life is hard, but if it wasn't, I would never learn like I'm learning now.	0
Some people are having awful problems on twitter today, here i an trying to win the league in fifa	I will drink a little more of caffeine just so I can keep working and advancing on my goals.	0
I've been in a bad mood for days. I need to do something to break out this funk	Being the leader gives me the ability to prove myself, and it makes me happy.	0
Annoying slow drivers that stay In the outside lane on the duel carriageway!! arrggghhh hurryup properhelmet	Having a lot of work gives me purpose in life.	0
My world just turned upside down :/ wtf am I going to do? nauseous worried	I need to calm down to do this test, it is important for my future!	0
I don't know how I'm gonna make it through tomorrow. I am barely making it today	I’ve had a busy day and I will feel a lot better if I could sleep well.	0
Shout out to my teachers who decided to make a paper, project and test all during this week. You're the best.	My mind is racing right now but I'll be alright. Thank you for being concerned.	0
As much as I absolutely hate this snow, the snow days are probably the only reason I'm alive.	Sp proud of piper for letting me clip her nails for the first time. Wasnt nice for me but wasn‚Äôt nice for her either.	0
Put a cig out in a freshly opened Rockstar today. durp The bad part was my girlfriend watched me do it	I have put in my best efforts. I hope the results are good.	0
You know you're stressed when you get an infected eye and a giant cold sore suddenly appears on your lip.	Breathe in Breathe out. I can do this. I don't feek so good right now but if I breath I will be fine	0
My bank SUCKS!!! Like they would be the only bank closed and I'm broke and I'm to the max	Loving the uplifting women I've brought into my life	0
Sat watching fright night with and Reece, having a think over the events of today	I dropped the whole roll of toilet paper in the toilet, Im sure I am not the first person to do this	0
Mixed feelings. Not sure what to do.. and not sure who I can trust anymore confused	I'm going to sit through this 9hr food and safety class because it means I can work at more places.	0
Everything always has to be so hard for me. I can't wait to go to college and live in Maryland next summer.	I will be having a pizza since I am stressed so that's good at least.	0
Feeling the domination of that final. I literally criedAnd worst of all it was Lit. What's up with that?	Time to buckle down and get this research paper done that due tomorrow.	0
The worst thing about the boss being away for a week sick is when she comes back. grumpy	So much work to do but luckily I'm feeling great. I have lots of strength to get thru this 8 hours, and then still go home and be a mom.	0
i think this is just too much for me to handle and i think i'm done. complicated	At l know the important things through going through a hard time, having a friend to vent and study with is important.	0
Thank God it's Thursday My mind has been an awful place to be lately Need these 3 days off desperately  Really feeling my age lately OldLady	My laptop charger broke, but thankfully I can still finish my work by staying later at the office.	0
Seriously about to cry. I have writer's block for that bible research paper.. It's due tomorrow. Ughhh.	Just made a simple mistake that I'm sure nobody will care too much about tomorrow.	0
Just got home and I'm already stressed out. Do I ever get a break?! Ugh	I need to think I'm strong enough to get through this	0
To solve my problems, can I click on the x button? frustrated angry upset emotional headache	I hope a good night's sleep will get me excited for seeing sleeping with sirens next week.	0
If anybody wanted to take me to the store so I can grab butts I wouldn't hate the idea bumlife nocar	I thank god that when school is over I will be able to take the time off I need so much.	0
The only bad thing about missing 3 days of school is the mountain of homework that comes with it	When someone can't use the few outlets they have for stress, it's an opportunity for them to find new ones!	0
There's so much to being an Interior Designer that has nothing to do with Interior Design. It's crazy.	I need to use my computer	0
I think that's the worst I've ever danced in my life. disappointed. So out.	Vacation is good, but I like going to school so that I can focus on something else	0
This is just not my week at all. One thing after another. Make it stop! angry frustrated	According to The American Institute Of Stress Over 90% of disease is caused or complicated by stress. People have to find means to relieve their stress.	0
After that cowboys game I feel like I need to be on a episode of snapped heartbroken stilllove my boys	I need to be more patient with animals, they are noble creatures that are full of love.	0
Ugh this day already sucks.. Idk where I left my brain but if you all see it let me know!	Feeling strong emotions while watching Randal shows me that I still have the ability to feel.	0
Thanks Becker for having your website just die as I'm in the midst of studying yousuck frustrated	Lot of works upcoming I have to prepare for that so, I can perform well	0
When you havent packed to move at all and the complex calls you last minute to say you move in in 2 days	Why can't people just deal with being told the truth	0
Is it bad that I already know I'm going to be pissy tomorrow morning? tired	I have to transform all negative thoughts as a means to improve	0
I'm already having a bad day and it's only 9:45 I just want to sleep for a week and wake up when it's over.	There are a lot of bad people on my social media, but I'm thankful that I can just turn off my screen and go about my day.	0
I just remembered it's Muscle Monday with my girls. No matter what, we go to the gym at 9 tonight. INeedIt	Just 2 more weeks of work and I will finally be able to enjoy the spring break	0
its a request to take a decision about foreign language as it can be skipped!! It is stressful and frustrating.. SyllabusForStudents2020	When I finish my reviews I’ll be calmer and smarter	0
2013 is probably one of worst year I've had to go threw!  Family unwanted sad upset	Need to try something to make sure I can relax and sleep tonight. A meditation app might be the thing!	0
Paris doesn't have any lanes on their streets, cars and bikes and buses are literally all weaving in and out of each other.	My work meeting has run late there's been an accident so traffic hope I attend the meeting.	0
Seriously dont want this semester to end i am not going to be ready for exams	I wish the university would be more clear about their policy decisions!	0
I just want some Oreos with a glass of milk watch a movie and shut the world off. exhausted	I should think about myself more and stop worrying about others.	0
The only thing keeping me awake is the extreme amount of coffee in my system. saveme needsleep	I'm so happy with how productive all of my days are, I will have so much fun in practice tomorrow!	0
Patiently (not) waiting for Jasey to get me. I need some serious therapeutic cuddles cuddles boyfriend	Had such an amazing dentist appointment I'm sure the pain in my teeth will be sorted for then.	0
Some things just do not make sense to me WHY IS LIFE SO COMPLICATED!!!!!!! confused	The Day I die no one even my closest Friends will just cry that's life	0
Maths, Accounting, Business, Geography, English homework and a 6 page essay due tomorrow. FML TheLifeOfTheStudent Sad	Being an adult is a difficult task, but I can think of at least 3 good things that only adults can do	0
Exams stressed me out and threw everything on the floor!! If this is how it's going to be.someone might get killed!!	I'm glad I'm feeling better, I'm more willing to continue the routine of the week.	0
Sick of people not taking my advice. Have fun when what I warned you about happens. Dont come crying to me!! angry tired	Although I have not completed all things that I planned to get done over the holiday, I am sure that I will finish them soon.	0
Had drumline practice -.- its frustrating that I can't get that stupid part ! -.- !	I have the positive in laying down.	0
I want to go look for other/more senior picture stuff but I'm sick of going out and finding nothing.	I feel like I need some time to myself, but I'm glad spring break is coming up and everything will be fine.	0
Staying at a high school for 15 hours straight can seriously screw up a person mentally!	I hope my transmission holds two trips to KC	0
I have two letters for you. One of them is F. And the other one's U" -Thank you Miley Cyrus finals ahhhhh hatepeople	Completing two assignments each week is all it will take to finish my university course on time:)	0
Reality is rough today so I'm just gonna lay in bed and watch Netflix. At least Lucas cut his hair in Season 4. but	Senior year is tough, but I'm really learning the value of hard work.	0
Due to roadworks W7 is taking about 10/15 mins longer than usual. Got on at 8, not at Finsbury Park till 8.25. late	I know that I will find activities that make me mitigate my anxiety, like walking the streets.	0
Well thanks for waisting an hour of my life. I can't WAIT to go home this weekend. Get me outta here.	It sure is an inconvenience to have to pay for a class you didn't know you were getting registered for, and that you'll have to get withdrawn from, but it is a lesson to be careful next time.	0
I can't watch the sens game. I'm going for a run - I hope I can complete a 5k after 9 days of pure gluttony and inactivity	I hope I am not tempted to take a puff of the cigaratte.	0
Tryin so hard to hang on! Idk how much longer I can keep pushin but all these college app. and essays are gettin to me.	Have a paper due tomorrow, and I am just starting it. I will just focus and give my best to get this done!	0
How is it that something so happy instantly is turned into something so frustrating and wrong.	I found out how my husband died, and it's making me realize I need to be good to myself when it comes to relationships from now on.	0
writing a study schedule and not realising you need to allocate time to breathe or you will forget to	I have to accept the fact that I have a hard time dealing with too many things at once.	0
actually managed to cross everything off this weekend's to do list! That's a first. Next week's to do list is a bit scary though	The fact that the end of semester is near it means it will be over soon and I feel good about this.	0
I think I've literally hit bottomI'm not happy with anything. I don't know what I'm doing!	I’m grateful I realized I don’t need to wait for you all my life.	0
I'm so down about things but can't even talk to my friends about it cuz they don't understand.	I need to learn to not procrastinate.	0
I need every day to be twice as long to make up for my week of death a.k.a no work week	I've had a bad day, but sitting around and being sad about it won't get anything done.	0
Idk why it matters but for some weird reason I feel like I'm not good enough..	Hey buddy! Luckily my mom's heart attack was mild but they also discovered a clot in her right arm. I know she'll get past this.	0
I'm not going in to my first class because I still have work to do ha :( sendhelp	Brb while I literally plan my life for the next two months out down to the second, being organized is important	0
Staying up until midnight writing a writing paper, and then forget it a few hours later after you print it mylife	I hope I come up with my future plans soon.	0
If we don't have school I am cleaning this room top to bottoms nothing will go uncleaned..	The good thing about not having school today is that I can focus on my psychology work and turn it in on time tomorrow.	0
Feeling like an adrenaline junkie right now. Anyone want to go skydiving, base jumping, bungie jumping, or ziplining?	I'm glad there are so many people in my family to spend Christmas with!	0
Tried 4 films at 2 different cinemas all sold out for the kids, I know the kids are off school but surely not this busy	Just a little more and I can stop having these bad dreams about missing my flight and test.	0
I seriously hate this Only less than 24 hours to memorize two monologues TheatreProblems AADAAudition	Hard work only leaves me the satisfaction that I can rest afterwards.	0
But what's more depressing is that I may not be accepted to the school I applied for..	I would be happy if I have a rack of beer to watch movies.	0
The traffic is INSANE today! Late for meeting I hate being late. Grrrrrrr Need to do some self hypnosis to calm down.	Sometimes it’s hard to focus on something if I have something else to do. Resting can also help.	0
Eish I'm so lost went to to register but was sent away becoz of may you please connect me to someone that can help me SASCO has failed me Sad	I am not a smoker, but I feel like doing it in the past few days. I hope to get over that feeling soon.	0
Literally I only sleep when Devins playing with my hair and that really sucks when he's not here.	My dream is to live in London and I will achieve it!	0
I have one of those finals that if i pass it i pass the class and if i fail it i fail the class	I have so much homework and hope to finish it soon and hang out with my friends.	0
Sick of having a annoying room mate that snores and grinds his teeth and make loud ass weird noises all night!	My medicine is causing a panic attack, but it will end eventually.	0
The month of December is always SO crazy.. So much to do yet so little time.. Stressed but	I need to quickly check and evaluate where I am spending my money and keep a track of all my spendings.	0
Not a good night for me. My mind is not a good place to be right now, just wish I could fall asleep. tired	Even though I don't have music to listen to before I go to bed, I'm just glad I have a bed to rest my head in at night.	0
I'm feeling super sorry for the poor bastard who I'm boxing with tonight cause I'm gonna be punching the crap out of those pads.	I'm tired, but I can't fall asleep. I keep thinking about how much stuff I need to finish before Tuesday. But I should relax, because I know I'm capable of finish all of it.	0
Like 10 people came up to me today and told me I looked like I was drowning. They don't know the half of it.	My anxiety is making me running round college because I have 2 final pieces for tomorrow, but I'm good at what I do, and I should just relax.	0
Treat her with RESPECT not STUPIDITY. Keep her HAPPY not STRESSED out majority of the time. Be FAITHFUL don't CHEAT or end up	Tonight will be over soon and I'll so thankful that I'll have a whole new start to my week tomorrow!	0
Y does everything have to b complicated!!!! Please can something just b straight forward for once!! confused	It seems that all my exams arein the same week.! my professor could have given me the study guides earlier but not to wait until 2 days before the exam.	0
UGH. This week is gonna be soo crazy busy with all that's due. stillpraising too blessed to be	Even though I'm stressed about school, I'm just glad that I have the means to keep moving forward to succeed with it.	0
Literally cannot wait to go home for easter getmeaway stressed annoyed Not in the mood what so ever.	Sometimes situations aren't as we expected but I'm grateful that I got home well	0
when you sit in your class counting down the minutes till you can go back to bed. sick tired	I'm feeling stressed this week, but it'll pass	0
I hate that I get anxiety over things so bad! I want to keep breast feeding, but it's just not going the way I thought it would!	School is really stressing me out, but there isn't much longer to go now.	0
can't revise till blinky gives my essays back itS BEEN A WEEK !!!!! Long time 4 exam period	Even though I am physicall and emotionally tired today, I am sure that with the Lord's guidance I will come back stronger in the coming days.	0
Mrs. Simmons gave me a week extension for the English essay, but I'm still not sure how I'm gonna get it done	People are not afraid of what does not theaten them.	0
I really just need one day where I can relax and not do anything at all so my body and mind can catch up with itself tired	I was tricked by a fake recorder and editor but at least I have learnt for next time.	0
Alright so if I mess up but I didnt know I mess you tell me that I mess upI ask how you tell me I should know how Where is this going!	Nervous about my Math average, but I've done my best and so it should be ok.  History: A Science: A- English: B+ Study Skills: A- Spanish: A- Math: ?!	0
Should I be worried that neither me nor my hubby haven't gotten any mail in the past 1.5wks? and I'm waiting on something! paranoid	Even though my back pain is at its worst, I'm glad I have a chiropractor appointment scheduled.	0
My chest is constricting so hard, I feel like I'm having a heart attack, but I know I'm not.	I hope I solve the rooming situation quickly so that I can concentrate better in class.	0
I need a sneaky cig and a double Vodka Coke or alternatively go to a massive party and get wasted	So thankful that the IAPT staff will be at age UK today between 11.45 and 12:45	0
It's been a crap day and night.. I just want sleep and to not be so stressed..	CMAFest planning is stressful, but it will be very rewarding when I am finished.	0
Hate it when you're in a good mood &then someone starts on ya and winds you up and says your in a bad mood! Well I am now you knob!!!	I am eagerly waiting for the lockdown to end so that I can go out and eat cake and drink beer.	0
Feeling stressed out, lonely, or unfulfilled? Take a break from mundanity and go on an all-American sex vacation!	I am optimistic that the coming days would be more positive.	0
WHY TELL ME YOU HAVE ROOMS AVAILABLE ON THAT DATE WHEN YOU HAVENT. Bloody Premier Inn	I'm finally coming home where I can relax and organize my thoughts	0
I don't know what to do. A thing happened. I am . Hard to sleep. Things to deal with	It would be bad to live off bottled water and diet Dr. pepper for the next three weeks. But we must be grateful that we have water to survive.	0
I'm currently working on a paper that I need to finish tonight! I'm not sure if I'll make it! !	Just because things are hard now does not mean they will always be that way.	0
Going to go into Gtown tomorrow dress shopping it's less than 2 weeks to the wedding and I still have no dress	When you put the volume up one, but it's too loud then you put it down one and It's too low. Craziest thing I do.	0
This has turned into the WORST day ever Just wish I could find my purse	First big anatomy test today AND a physiology quiz :/ my brain hurts from studying all night!  I feel like it was time well spent though.  I'm ready for this test.	0
My sister cleared out our bank account and left an "I'm Sorry" note with the debit card.. The rent's due tomorrow	Im worried about what is wrong but I am being taken care of and I know it will be sorted soon.	0
1 report down and 3 to go, and Im 3 weeks behind on notes. I need a vacation.	Two and a half weeks is all it takes to be done with my exams!:)	0
Muffins, Shepard's pie, egg custard tarts, meringues, and gingerbread in one week. Must be dead week. finals bakingaddiction	I am thankful that I have had the chance to go to college.	0
It's days like today I ask my self why I'm still in Lancaster and didn't pack my bags and go travelling 6 months ago. cold	I will give what I receive, only what's fair!	0
Giving up because you feel like its the right thing to do but is it really?thinking upset flashbacks hurt broken	It ‘s been like 3 months into school and I have over 15 missing assignments. Hope to get some motivation to finish it.	0
Just realised how much work I have to do and how little time I have to do it :/	Mistakes make me grow as a person, especially when I send the wrong files.	0
Eng isu, careers isu, eng essay due all in 1 week + having to keep up with all the bs work Ms. Dsouza gives us. ****	Getting a lot done today. Finished last show and now multi-tasking by working during dinner and waiting for washing machine to finish.	0
I love my friends, but if another one of them ever chooses to do a destination wedding that costs me $1460 they can suck my D	I hope I am able to figure out what I want for myself so that I can start working towards it.	0
I don't do girly nights where I pamper myself very often but tonight I just need it stressed pamper	My family is mad at me right now, but I know that means they care about me which is nice.	0
I have 10000000000 things to do at work and at home before I leave for panama	It's a shame your nail polishes does not ship to the States, but I believe I can still find alternatives to become a little duck!	0
Tip 3: If you are feeling or anxious try talking to either a friend and/or therapist.	Going to treat myself to an amazing cup of Chia tea.	0
Looks like it's going to be an early night for me tonight! Needed Tired NeedACuddle BadMood NervousAboutTomorrow	These past two weeks have really pushed me which is good in one way	0
Trying to get from Lampeter to Exeter within the hours the bus runsand have a meeting with Oliver Creighton is impossible! !!!!	I'm pretty sure that even thought I need to be out of the house soon, my friends will help me with a place to sleep while I find some place new.	0
Might be admitted in some university in nelspruit, im not sure if i wanna go there	Only a couple more days of busy stressed insomnia before I can relax and catch up on my sleep.	0
So . Sis in accident with my car. I'm playing mom while she's in hospital. Money is tight. No transportation.	Whenever I'm in a bad mood I can count on my friends to cheer me up	0
Whoever can work the knots out of my upper back and shoulders gets whatever they want seriously distressed and	I find it so fun picking at my nail varnish	0
Xmas shopping trip abandoned due to bad kids so double the work tomorrow, oh the joys of xmas	The exam tomorrow will be pretty hard but at least it'll be over with.	0
I can feel myself getting sick next week after the amount of stress I'll be in this week.  TooMuchToDo	I have a solid plan to get everything sorted by friday.	0
I so do not have time to sit in this pointless class. I have too much other stuff to do.	I don't like that feeling you get in the pit of your stomach when something isn't right. There's nothing I can do right now, but soon I'll be fine.	0
More then 4 hours of homework done today. I just want it to be summer already :(	Im really struggling with these college papers but I know if I do a good job then I’ll be set.	0
I hate it when teachers assign books and expect you to read it in a couple of days..	On the bright side, I can see if I can get my late pizza for free after all the waiting I've done.	0
When your advisor tells you 7 of your classes from your previous school, UCF doesn't accept So you're basically behind fml	I'm starting to get back to old habits, I started smoking again, but I understand that a relapse is part of the process and even if I'm smoking a lot I know that if I try hard I'll be able to stop permanently	0
I just want to lay down and cuddle, is that too much to ask???!!! TIRED	I'm confident that life will find its course and everything will be good in god's hands.	0
It should be a rule that finals week should only consist of reviewing not learning new stuff  angry	Going forward, I should go to movies with better company.	0
It's the second full week of school, and I am already floored by all the crap I need to do.	Another sleepless night with my boy, I'm tired but I love being a mother.	0
Do you ever feel so frustrated that you don't know whether you want to scream or cry?	Even though I can't go out with my friends, I'm free from my homework.	0
in the situation of anxiety and depression we want less stress from the unreasonable behavior of our superiors rather than providing any counselling please be lenient why to take such exams which are open book that doesn't make any sens	These finals are testing me, but I promised not drinking until after Christmas, and I'm keeping to it.	0
I swear I'm like 2 more frustrations from dropping 2/3 of these classes. It's hard to juggle school and various life happenings.	I hope my car starts soon, as I have to get my baby to the sitters, go to work, and I am already late.	0
I forgive but trust, i dont forget. Im too sick to even get mad or spazz out, but trust, wen i get well, imma handle it. &sick	I work really long hours but it will be worth it because I can get a really nice house to live in soon.	0
Im actually going to go crazy with this coursework, feels like ive written for hours but I still seem to be no further forward	It is indeed difficult to plan a wedding, but that gives you a lot of experience.	0
I'm honestly so tired, the things that I am saying and doing make absolutely no sense needsleep	I just registered in 18 minutes, though there were only 4 spots left in class!	0
Can I just like run away and not have to worry about any of this crap anymore? tired	This has been a bad week, but thinking of three things I'm thankful for always helps	0
In A Really Bad Mood Today Beyond I Just Wanna Hurry And Get Back To Doing What I Love	Got caught up on my rest, now I can help my parents.	0
I either need more time in the day or I need to learn how to not sleep.	I hope nobody sees me in this tired and moody spirit.	0
I hate packing! I can't predict what I'm going to want in the future. I'm no future teller.	Even though it broke, I'm lucky that I have customer support to help me fix what's wrong.	0
Test today, oral tomorrow, it's called dead week because we are literally dying of stress	I'm grateful that I have a job and a way to sustain myself and be independent.	0
I hate thy the one time I need help with my math my mom takes forever to get out the door like seriouslyI told you this	Im so busy but when I make progress with my work I can have time to ride my scooter	0
It was too stressful watching gravity so I looked up the end on wickipedia. I'm a horrible movie watcher.	Time to learn to ignore social media, stop procrastinating, and get my stuff done before break.	0
This research project overwhelms my brain so much I just shut down mentally and physically. I hate English. I hate that class.	I hope to finish this paper soon, so I can relax on my car and listen to some country music	0
After this week of hell is over I'm making myself a drink and I'm sleeping for atleast 12 hours.	I hope I clear my mind so that I can do well in my clinicals.	0
If anyone sees me sobbing 3rd block, it's going to be because I failed the ap bio midterm	I can't wait to be home tomorrow so that my family takes care of my health and me.	0
out essential WORKERS gonna say to hell with SocialDistancing and start swinging on some mutha fuckas before this is all over. I see it a mile away dude What a mess we in y'all. Ridiculous Five guys walked off the plant after that fuckery this morning.	I don’t like it much when I have to replan and reschedule all kinds of stuff.	0
Someone please put me out of my misery. on the verge of crying in the study lounge.	I can't wait to get out and go out on a road trip and be one with nature.	0
My head and my heart are fighting. Which do I let speak, and which do I tell to shut up? confused concerned stressed men	After waiting 6 months to address the issue the company better make it right.	0
Figuring out a career that you want to pursue after highschool is probably the hardest thing	I need to do a better job of respecting people and their time.	0
Oh spring break, why do you taunt me so..make money vs. have fun an be youngughhhh	Next time I will study more for the exam and pass it!	0
I mean I always wanted a cast when I was little, but not 3 weeks before prom Annoyed	I'm a polite person that doesn't like to stir up trouble; that makes me friendly.	0
staff meeting tonight, midterm tmr morning, paper due in the afternoon.looks like it's gonna be a long night examseason	I have a lot of homework but I'll be hopefully done soon, and then I can relax.	0
What a long week @ work tired thank God I'm off tomorrow! sleepin metime longbath relax  jazZhands 4 excitement	I got three hard finals today back to back from 8am-3pm. But I am sure I can succeed with God’s help.	0
I'm very exhausted. Between my work day and inbox, I could fall asleep for two weeks.	It’s only Tuesday and I have to study the whole week for the exams.	0
I like how when I don't understand something, Jose takes the time to explain it all. My brain has been mush from work lately	This week has been really challenging, but when I get through it, it will make me stronger.	0
I just need to get through this crazy busy week so I can relax, celebrate, and then get my life back to regular routine	The freedom of the days off makes me feel rested and energetic for the days of work.	0
So my knees are dunzo from over exercising! Someones just collapsed on me after i left the gym! Stressed Can't Cope	I hope I can sit myself down and finish the homework so that I can have some peace of mind.	0
Right you have 20 mins to get here. After all the mess ups I'm doubtful	Being up this early in order to study. So I can do well.	0
all my websites are down and for last 3 hours when will it be fixed	Today I broke a sewing needle, but I'm getting a new one, and I will take the opportunity to improve my skills.	0
I swear nursing school will be the death of me or put me in a mental hospital! loosingit	The last 24 hours were super rough, hoping that things are going to start getting better now	0
3 yo 'what's Harry doing mummy?' Me 'being horrible.' 3 yo 'oh! That's not good news is it mummy?' No, no it isn't.	I know that these are hard times, but everything will get better eventually, I just need to be patient.	0
Of course on the day I have plans everyone asks me to hang out and do something! Why cant you text me when Im free and bored?	I am being challenged by the extra work I have to do.	0
i know ea terms of service cannot discuss a current investigation on here but do you know how long it can take to resolve its been 2 weeks now case still in progress? Cheers	I think I’m really good at motivating people and telling them to get off their butt.	0
i haven't tweeted enough, i know and it sucks but my school is driving me crazy i won't even be able to watch the episode tmrrw:(	Sometimes old tech can be the easiest to troubleshoot; just power it off and on and that does the trick!	0
the girl wants to b like me so fukn bad its unreal. i done beat the girl. forget about me damn girl. u that	Its raining and it's cold the weather was nice perfect time for finish my essay	0
Just want to wake up from this bad dream and be in charge of my own classroom already supersenior inthefryingpan	Two out of my five of my makeup appts cancelled for tomorrow but it's not bad at all, I'll have more time to get things done before Kenya..	0
I feel like a failure because I have no idea what to do with my life	There is a lot to get done this week, so I will have to manage my time wisely.	0
Why does "ill do it later" always sound good until it's later and I'm like crap i should have done this earlier procrastination	It was funny that someone stood on my foot at the doctors this morning.	0
Even when or sad we can alleviate the pain by PAUSING and seeking out the POSITIVES.. the tiniest bit of gratitude. It works..	Looking forward to resting after being sick and moving. Glad I have good help.	0
Well I lost my wallet somehow last night. Worst part is now all my stuff is out in the open  Lordletsomeonereturnitsafely	Seniors should be taken care in order to improve their health.	0
Spent a solid 20 hours over history day this week and still not done done screwed	The jean I am buying I can find my size in another store	0
Anything else wanna go wrong in my life or in my family life? Seriously  beyondpissed	I have a take home test which means at least I can do it in the comfort of my own home.	0
In the train for droidconUK finalizing my slides and a little bit for tomorrow !	Hard classes, but they're going to end up rewarding when I'm done	0
Been laying in this bed since 2. Its Tuesday and I can already tell its gonna be a rough week.	I can't wait to be done with my tests and to start with my weekend so that I have some peace of mind.	0
I just need a metal health day to get a massage, my hair done, and a mani and pedi	I am anxious about losing data when my phone is updating, but I am eager to see the new features.	0
I seriously think I'm gonna go home, turn my phone off and just watch movies with my mommy.	I always get the end of the deal, hope it can change!	0
Having decisions to make but not wanting to make them 'cuz you're afraid of hurting someone	I am looking forward to a busy day tomorrow with Gaga, dance and a Spanish presentation.	0
A bubble bath with in Cuba sipping a pina colada is exactly what I needed. Too bad I just get a bath, sipping wine in Canada	Getting my rib cage tattooed was a necessary pain to have a beautiful tatoo.	0
spending this day in bed, with svu and a box of oreos comfortfood favoriteshow sad blah	I have some choices to make of how I look today and I'm sure I'll come out looking awesome!	0
Why is it that something always takes a turn for the worst and then you end up making things worse for yourself	Woke up late this morning so the rest of my day I'm gonna feel refreshed!	0
Looking at schools to go to and figuring out what major I wanna commit to is some scary stuff	This new photography project is going to be hard, but thankfully I have three weeks to work on it.	0
Not sure if this is going to work out or not. Hope this is for the best.	I wish pay day wasn't at the end of the month, but it will be here soon.	0
I feel guilty for callin it a nite @ 2am cuz there's tons to do.I can feel the knot forming in my shoulders overwhelmed	I feel amazing to have accomplished so many tasks during the week!	0
Well dang was really looking forward tonight. needed it after last week and the past few days.	My life might seem frustrating but I have decided to communicate more with and make people understand me better.	0
Feeling so down. Totally stressed out from school and just life in general. I just don't know what to do.	I‚Äôm fevered and relieved that God has helped me enough.	0
When your parents are leaving the country and you're in charge of your autistic 3 year old sister during AP exams	Worrying about the little things doesn’t make me anything but a sensitive person	0
words cannot describe how badly i cannot wait to be home this weekendthese last few weeks have destroyed my brain str	I've learned that it's ok to not always know what to do in a tense situation.	0
Definitely need to go out this weekend and get my mind off school for a few days	I want to spend more time with you because you are having a baby in 5 months.	0
If it's true what anybody has said now. I don't know what I'm going to do. neverbeen	I'm STILL procrastinating right nowI get angry with my own self yet Here I am aaaaaaah	0
Got 3 kids on the way and I'm about to lose my dead end job	I have to divert my mind. To be stressfree	0
If you lose someone's props, at least have the decency to tell them!  seriously comeon furious	I am having a hard time getting Algebra 2, but I'm sure if I work hard I will be able to learn it and do great	0
Will always wonder why I picked biology as a degree! Biological statistics make me sick!  drmillward	Everything will be alright, it hurts right now, but eventually will be resolved in the end.	0
Just instantly got depressed when I remembered I have my first final tomorrow :( Boo Psychology	We should take rest as much as possible.	0
STRESS EVERYWHERE. School, uncertainty about next year It all comes to a head during finals.	Usually I have Monday to look forward to the Bachelor, but with so much on my mind, I can't get in the zone. However, I'll take a quick nap to recover my energies, and soon I'll be prepared to do my things.	0
if my mom goes to work tomorrow, i'm going in late so i can write the damn essay.	I have eight group projects at the moment but at least everyone at uni is in the same boat.	0
Traffic, crashes, diversions, breakdowns and learner drivers some up my hour and a half long journey to get home.	This is a good opportunity for me to help my 3.5 yr son learn to no 2 in the toilet.	0
Scared my driver won't find my residence and ill be stranded here, which wouldn't be the worst thing in the world but a bit pricy	Despite having done a lot today, I feel that I can still do much more.	0
Trying to find something to wear out when you are having a fat day is the worst!	Be thankful you got to go on vacation.  Remember how awesome of a time you probably had?	0
Instead of going crazy with my spending these are the time where I wish I would have been an adult about my checks and saved..	Writing this paper is challenging but worth it.	0
Please let me sleep past 5 AM. I don't want to be on the sleep schedule anymore. teacher	I'm looking forward to the horsebox being fixed on Thursday, so I can use it again!	0
Tfw you're so busy you don't even know what day of the week it is. Seriously when was it Saturday?	I know I can think of a lot of good things about older people and the world	0
Seriously 100 question serving test , + 49 item menu test and the restaurant tables test tom. .	Turning my paper in 4 days earlier than expected will be difficult, but this is a challenge that will help push me to stay motivated, focused, and organized.	0
Well at least you can still walk and occasional roll ! These people are RIDIC!!	I hope I am able to manage my time better going forward so that I can complete my homework on time.	0
I wish I could pause my mind when I'm trying to go to bed cause this shits going a mile a minute	Keep difficult people out of your life or you'll be stressed	0
The millennial generation wins a prize no one wants: they are the most stressed. How does your teen handle stress?	I need to remind myself to rest if I want to get over any illness.	0
I just want to go to the beach and forget about life for a little bit.	I feel physically and mentally tired, but I am because I am finally going to write my research. Better rest and get back active.	0
Can't tell if I'm just super exhausted or I'm on the verge of another breakdown.	Despite having anxiety, I need to maintain mental health during the day	0
I haven't felt this down in awhile. I shouldn't feel this old either. ughhh tired	My son ‘s feed pump is broken again. Luckily I have a massage tomorrow and grateful for it.	0
Today was a crazy day but o well on more to come for tomorrow >;_<;	On the off chance that anybody needs me, I'll be encouraged, and in my home cuddling my feathery child.	0
theres too many things you have to fill out for college :( its so stressful collegeflow school college	I'm getting annoyed at this kid but I need to learn patience.	0
The fact that and phones are both dead <;<;<;<;<; who do I text now ?!?	I hope I get a few hours of sleep now as I have a long day ahead planned for tomorrow.	0
I missed one day from being sick and I already feel so behind with school work	The feeling of anxiety that comes at the beginning of the day means it‚Äôs going to be an interesting day.	0
lyn's complaining the custard ive made is too thin, i wouldnt mind but she kept going at me IT'S CUSTARD IT THICKENS!!!!!!!!!	My Mac is starting to slow up, and I need to figure out how to defragment the hard drive or something. I'm smart, and I know I can do this.	0
Man I can be bio polar when I'm stressed and people are rude. Hope I'm not the only person out there like that. badday :(	I have a really nice life, and I am very fortunate, be safe if you go out.	0
Aim for today is to finish my sketchbook, I have a long way to go	Even though I sometimes get anxiety with my decisions, I'm thankful that everything always turns out like it's meant to.	0
Pretty much one more day till regionals, hate stressing about it but it's hard not to!	The silence is scaring me. I hope I drift off to sleep soon.	0
We have planes constantly flying overhead these days. It's so distracting. When did we agree to be under a flight path? annoyed	Even though I'm not confident with this exam, at least I'm giving it a shot.	0
First time driving 3rd mainland bridge!  got hit, reversed on a bridge! Tail gating cars, there I was thinking I'm a bad driver	I'm going to use my skill at presentation writing to lengthen the text I have so far.	0
Sometimes we just need to not take life so seriously. We aren't on this planet for long, why spend everyday we are, out?	My baby was being a little stubborn, but no matter hard-headed she can be right now, I know she'll end up being a great girl	0
Stayed at a friends house to have an easier commute to work..on the way in and. flat tyre	When your mom says 45 minutes is enough time to study hope that workout	0
Desperately trying to keep calm and relaxed. Nothing helps. Still feel the need to punch them in the face. justfuckoff nothanks	16 -minute delay to Heathrow T5 is not a good thing today as I have a flight to catch.	0
Of course I would have strep throat..A week until my boards and my MSU graduation is tomorrow. onlyme annoyed	I need to learn to not get so angry	0
I feel like it's going to be a long day at work today before I get to see	Going to have a productive day today, and then I can have a rest in bed.	0
H8 2 B BROKE during Xmas time especially with 4 kids including 2 teenagers! sad	Why bother working my butt off at work	0
Where's the nearest bridge? Because I'm gonna jump off it. So tired emotional BangingHead DownInTheDumps. I need a	Another university work completed! I'll finish the third year soon!	0
Can't believe we've left the airport with some else's suite case!!! And my case has gone missing! Fumin	Going to have a fun time driving in the snow tomorow but I’m sure it will be fine.	0
Just wondering.. do we have nerves on the end of r actuall nervs?? Cos somebody is really on every single last one	Wish there was another car so, it was easier on us. Excited to buy one	0
Managed to get my assignment cut back by two pages. Unfortunately still got to figure out how to get rid of another 2	I am feeling upset I must relax my mind.	0
Sleep paralysis is worse than any nightmare. I have slept maybe 4 hours all weekend.. problems	It makes me sad to hear that my grandpa is sick, and I can't do anything about it. But I'm sure he will get better soon.	0
Loyola University Bursar needs to get their life together. Stressing us students out and making mistakes	I haven't had any sleep, but I'm going to power through and make this best of this and make a good impression.	0
A glass of 18yr old scotch is exactly what I need tonight traveling home unpacking	Tanning can sometimes have unexpected results and that's normal since it's not natural.	0
Pharmacology makes me want to punch someone in the face or throw a cat or something violent. angry	I got a great sleep last night, and I'm ready for this week!	0
You know your day blows when class time is your down time on homework  Too blessed to be stressed baby!	Even though these AP courses are burdensome, I'm thankful I have the ability to take such challenging courses.	0
They say it only happens when the times right but I'm tired of waiting justwannamakemyownstamp :(	There's always a chance to have a good day at the start of every day.	0
I swear all my professors get together and assign a shit ton of work all at the same time. So much to do so little time	I have a lot of things to do, but I'm going to learn a lot from managing multiple jobs at once, I can do this.	0
I swear my family is the reason I started smokin, and tha reason that I cant stop	I have had a hard day today I can't wait for tonight so I can have a long rest.	0
Transferring to a new location at the end of the pay period sucks. How the hell am I going to pay my rent???	Today was not a good day for me, and I ended up getting really stressed out. I'm trying a lot of things to calm down and get better.	0
People always say "have faithhave faith.things will get better" yet, they never do. I'm so :(	I really need to find a job to get the money for school loans, at least this will help me grow a little even if the process will be painful.	0
I hate the week before spring break because every professor feels the need to give a test or assign a paper.. This week is hell	The day has gone by quickly, and I will do better next week.	0
Disappointed has let me down before my wedding products damaged in transit, been given refund not replacement bride	Having homework during finals work makes everything harder but it also means I will get better results in the long run.	0
Today really feels like one of those scary days. It required a jam sandwich and a gin a midnight.	Half four in the morning and I only have to hit 1200 yet!	0
I need some greasy food and a nice cold beer because today is just not my day.	I realized that I just ate 3 servings of sour gummy worms and salt and vinegar chips and that I can actually nourish my body with a better diet than that .	0
it feels a little awkward to be back in class after being at home for over a week	I need to overcome this urge, texting you is not good for me at all.	0
Completely just giving up and going to bed. I hate that I am such a procrastinator!	My mom sent me a text message earlier that made me cry and I've been in a bad mood ever since. I guess ill get over it eventually	0
haven't felt this low in a long fucking time. not down for shit right now.	I will complete my work as soon as possible to enjoy my summer.	0
The struggling with gender is real for me lately. Sucks not having anyone but 1 person to really talk to about any of it	I have a huge essay due to do but I am really smart and hard working so I know that I will get it done by friday.	0
Here lately all I look forward to is getting drunk on the weekends and sleeping in.	I wish I could buy a carpet for a cheaper price so that I am done with decorating my house.	0
I need to go and lay down in a dark room this week has been a right off	Sad that big macs aren't on the dollar menu at mc Donald's anymore, but it was pretty amazing they were.	0
why did I chose to study French, Spanish and Enlgish Lit at A-level, too much work that is too hard for my small brain:(	Be careful when monitoring your blood pressure, you may get the impression that it has increased	0
So stressed with all these teams and now school is starting it's gonna be so much worse.	I wouldn't have picked my major if I didn't love it.	0
Well verdict is bc Parkland is a government entity I had 6 months to sue. I missed my deadline. So I'm fucked no one will help me. :/ I wanna crawl into a hole and die! depressed	Got my exams coming up, and I have clashes it’s going to be hard work, but I have prepared for the challenge.	0
The feeling you get when the event you have been stressing is over yay next event football game!!!	I was just busy with moving! Sorry if I missed any of your messages and/or posts, I'll try to make up for it soon	0
Openly accepting prayers for this test I'm about to take, the test I have tomorrow, and the semester project that's due Friday.	I must learn to be more proactive. I must avoid last minute submission like yesterday, where I was attempting to submit 10 pieces of work the night before deadline day.	0
This is literally the worst week for Rj! and theres still Saturday and Sunday to go  sad	I can't wait for my date tonight! I wonder if I should show off my casual side with this jumper, jeans and Docs, or if I should change into something more glamorous.	0
One 5 page paper down, another 3 page paper, practicing, reading and a project to go.	When this school year ends I'll have the break I so need	0
Nervous that my online classes are still unavailable, I feel like I might be falling behind! :/	After having worked hard for the past 3 months, I would love to get the weekend off work to relax.	0
ThoughtsInMyHead Everything's falling apart now. I feel like it was a waste of my moms money to even buy the hotel room.	This year it is so easy to get sick but if I catch something it will boost my imune system.	0
Oh and also I really don't care how plants can give us oxygen, I mean as long as they do WHO CARES?	I need something to relieve stress	0
I am so done with this week. I honestly don't think I can take any more.	Tired of being broke just to have my own. But I am grateful that things all will be okay once I get back on track.	0
Prom is turning into such a stressful ordeal. If I didn't already have a dress, I wouldn't even go.	Getting ready for bed for work tomorrow	0
My mom was likethis looks like the road where the killer comes and kidnaps you and chops you up. icant	My headache like I was out for partying all night. But I wasn't.	0
I have NEVER been in a group project where i carry less than 75-80% of the workload, if not 100	I understand you won't be at my graduation ceremony. Hope you enjoy your trip.	0
Yung morning and afternoon yesterday hindi busy tapos 7pm pa naforward ang documents for my review and needed for submission today. Team walang tulugan tuloy ako.	This mess in my mind won't let me sleep. Either I'll fix it or I'll end up getting lost.	0
Stressing so bad right now over all this stuff to do. Can't wait til' I'm done!	I can't wait to finish my Finals quickly so that I can work peacefully.	0
Urgh, so tired. Not from sleep, just everything. Hopefully got a day to chill on Thurs	Tuesdays are not so good as they are workdays, and I am a bit tired of doing the homework.	0
VMCAS application is due tomorrow!!! Still working on it, perhaps its time for a glass of wine!	It's a good thing I made and printed a load of CVS last night, I'm hoping I can get a job.	0
That moment when you have so much to do you can do nothing. So you tweet about it.	I'm tired, but I have work to do, and I know I'm strong enough to finish it!	0
I need to start game of thrones..and watch lord of the rings..and rewatch harry potter	I see that I am not as happy as I imagined helping people.	0
im headed to campus to study an meet up for an event fuck dude even on weekends I don't get rest fml frustrated	My head hurts a little, but I am so dedicated to this project that I just can't stop	0
Just woke up from a long nap and it's time to work on my projects again..	I'm having trouble sleeping over my head. He's having a lot of thoughts, especially about the robbery I suffered.	0
I wanna go to school and live w my parents and I want my dad to still give me money sometimes and I want to slowly save my money and idk..	I'm glad I can make others happy even when I'm not feeling so myself.	0
Can't believe Zayn left the band If this isn't a sign of the apocalypse, I don't know what is. sad depressed	At least I'm thinking about some stuff to ignore the itching pain I'm experiencing, even if I could just sleep it away I would.	0
That email just ruined my night. worried anxious college Can't relax until I know it's fixed.	Wrapping does not really put me in the festive mood, because it's kind of annoying. But it's okay, it's Christmas and nothing is going to ruin my mood!	0
Well don't I feel more than a little stressed today defiantly shouldn't have days off anymore there's a whole forest of paper on my desk	As long as I get the right dip the housewarming party will be a success.	0
Dance dance dance!!! Choreo show this week.:D this is gonna be a loooong week. tired	I feel sorry that I am not able to understand you right now, but I would like to solve your problem.	0
I have so much to do in the next 10 days before I move in its insane	That moment has arrived, now just drive my canoe and relax.	0
What a slow day it is I cant keep up with this today, where's V-when you need hem.	I look forward to brighter days ahead and will be approaching the next weeks with a positive frame of mind.	0
I just need half a day off to sort my christmas stuff out no time :(	Wow, I just got caught up on homework and more has been added to the assignment. Well, I got through it once, I can do it again.	0
My eye used to twitch when I was stressed. Now it's my thumb. strange oddthings	Eventually the rain will go away and I'll be able to use the pool.	0
I can't sit in my house for 5 seconds without getting bothered or yelled at. annoyed	I am busy, so I can't come to Dinagyang. I'm sure you will have an amazing time though.	0
I don't even care I will make time to sit in the hot tub tonight	You will have to make a choice between going to Memphis or staying at D-State, Make the best you can.	0
don't have anything to do WENZDAY I feel so bored neighbors are bugging the out of me!?	The medication I'm taking at least has allowed me to be more proactive and productive in life even at the cost of some unwanted weight loss.	0
You're supposed to be there to help me but instead you're pushing me over the edge.	I love Christmas, and although I'm not good with gifts, I don't get discouraged.	0
Having to do 4 Midterms tomorrow. Kill me now! I can't wait for this week to be over!	I'm going to work really hard and then smash my boards, thankfully I have graduated, so I can do this.	0
I have like this really strange urge to just punch someone right in the face	It sounds like someone's walking upstairs, and I'm alone. I'm going up there to check it out to show there's nothing to fear.	0
20 years old and still getting yelled at for absolutely no reason when my parents are two hours away. Wtf	Travel agents could use some improvement	0
Lord let me get ready for church so i can go and gain some peace of mind	Excited about the opportunity to grow and challenge myself this semester, having a good balance of work and learning.	0
This pain that I'm feeling is insane. Literally my body is aching from head to toe. Hmm I suppose it's because I'm	A taxi is the best option in view of the imminent closure of transport in London	0
I want a cigarette so bad.. But Ive went so long without one i don't wanna start backk upp . ):	Not every week has to be good for me. Even when it‚Äôs that bad, I know I can move on as long as I get up.	0
English makes me stressed school makes me stressed life at this moment in general makes me stressed !!!! lol	I can't understand what the pets did against renters. Why do most aren't pet-friendly?	0
I have way to much going on right now stupid SAT, stupid Junior Project, sports and bring up all the crappy grades I have	So hyped up that it's Friday tomorrow, I'm going to have a great weekend.	0
Today was the worst paper I ever wrote thus far! :| I hope whatever's still to come will be as easy as a walk in the park!!	I'll plan better! My deadline for delivering my work is next week.	0
I honestly at this moment seriously want my bed sotired stressed I know I say this all the time but today is really one of those days	I hope people take things like dial a wrong number more positively going forward.	0
I have so much to do I get anxiety from fear of being anxious. And then I get anxious. It's a terrible cycle	The Edin-London train was on time, which was good. There wasn't any power in the coach, but we got it worked out by the time we reached Newcastle and changed coaches.	0
At this point in my life taking loads to the face for money don't seem so bad	Can't wait to get these test corrections done and my algebra, so after tomorrow I don't have to worry about it.	0
Been waiting for tomorrow to come for a long time.. Didn't think I'd feel like this about it 6months ago nervous anxious	I'm going to challenge myself to clear my mind, so I can overcome my anxiety.	0
I need a drink! I can already hear the small bottle of tequila on my nightstand calling my name.	Whether this works out or not, I'm strong enough for the outcome.	0
Today is not starting off too well ughhhhhhhhhh please just stop im literally begging right now	It's a good option to get a second job for the summer	0
Only 2 weeks left of school and there is just a lot of assignments to do tired	Looking forward to a free day	0
Making money is harder than I though especially since I have to make $7000 by next June	I'm so thankful that Tom was able to visit me this week when I need him most.	0
Why do certain people make things so bloody hard.. There's a simple way of doing things but no they have you flying through loops	I have to be up at 5:30, and I'll have class all day, but I can't sleep because there's too much on my mind. So, I'll take a sleeping pill, relax and tomorrow I'm sure I'll be better.	0
So the library has no books on the subject I'm doing my research paper on	Not all parts of teaching is easy but all teachers struggle with planning and im lucky to have a good job	0
And they're auditing our access to databases. No, really, I need ALL THOSE THINGS *flails and dies*	I am a bit sad that I haven’t even started my essay when others have doneit, but I am confident that I too can do it.	0
A sophomore level class should not be so difficult that is causes you to shed tears over an assignment. overwhelmed	It was a bad day today, but tomorrow will be better.	0
I hate the fact in the space of about 2 hours I've broken down about 3 times :'(	Even though I have a 6 am flight on Friday to JHB at least I will be at my friend's 18th birthday the night before. I will have something to enjoy before the trip.	0
I feel like all my teachers got together and decided to make everything due this weekkillingme	I'm at such an amazing point in my life. I'm going to have a newborn soon, and I'm getting new furniture delivered.	0
Wanted a new FountainPen, but Howlite's sick again. It's a good thing I lost all those ebay auctions. Cat sick sad scared	I have a lot of ruinous thoughts I can't control. I think you should see a psychologist who I believe is the best choice.	0
Autocorrect changed "your" to "you're" in that last tweet and I didn't even notice it until just now	Even missing the trusted customer service I understand that I'm only disappointed with EE mobile because of capitalism. The companies just care about their profit.	0
Back in my bed again. I hate when I can't cuddle her. Today has sucked too. I cried a lot.	Can't wait to get back into the gym and bench and deadlift, going to improve so much on my fitness now.	0
So, I know they give anger management classes, but do they also teach classes that show you how to deal with angry people?ugh	Sometimes I'm not as confident as I would like to be, but I'm making progress in overcoming my weaknesses.	0
When the past comes back to haunt you in the middle of your present day problems! No one has time for this crap!	I was a bit harsh to my baby. I hope to be more patient with her hereafter.	0
Im sorry but if someone was to put one in my hand.. (>;) Blown <;( *)>;	The finale of the walking dead has me on the edge of my seat, nothing has gone how expected it to go.	0
Can't wait to get this nightshift out the way and then have a few beers tomorrow	I shouldn't watch MondayNightRAw but go to bed because right now, I'm suffering from a headache and don't want to be around anything or anyone.	0
Might Just Finish That Bottle Of Green Apple Smirnoff ; I Have In The Freezer ! .	Almost time to go home and prepare dinner and sleep! I have to get up at 6 am for work! I need to be strong because a long, tiring week is coming.	0
Doctors appointments alone, navigating St. Louis roads, and dealing with jackass St. Louis drivers. Can't I be little again?	Leafs ratings on TSN are down 13% this year, but  down 22% on Rogers. The people at Rogers should figure out how to increase ratings.	0
the struggle deciding between the want of a cold shower and the need for a hot one hot but	I wish I was like Sisyphus, or at least such an apathetic who's not being affected by these days.	0
Why did I insist on putting off this report for so long when I've had all semester to do it.	I'm going to learn not to put things off so my work doesn't pile up.	0
Whoever decided that having the bama game the weekend before round 1 of tests should be fired	Life is all about choices. Sometimes they are the hardest.	0
I can't handle people today. I need to go home before I hurt someone annoyed	The process of owning a home is daunting, but this won't be forever.	0
click and collect from Rainham Petrol station was absolutely shocking!! Dirty lockers, locked me out, no-one to help	I'm going to spend more time relaxing, stress takes a tole on you.	0
I was ignored all day and now I have to be here with this idiot. irritated mad	Sometimes you need to get away from people who don't want to be by your side and put up impossible situations for that to happen.	0
Got home at 6 knocked out by 7. Got my 7 hours of sleep with 6 hours till my 8am class. Sheesh my sleep schedule is all fucked up.	I learned my lesson today. I definitely won’t let my baby take long daytime naps anymore so he and I can sleep well and sound at night.	0
The life of a poor teenager who has to pay for everything herself and has actual bills to pay <;<;<;	I hope I have fun at the party tonight. I have been looking forward to it for a long time.	0
Did I mention I have over 15 shoots to plan that have been pushed back for months now I'm so behind on life	People should tell me when they get annoyed with me, because I want to fix the problems I have.	0
I could use a drinking night considering all of the stupid people I've been dealing with lately	Friday is coming soon! I need to survive crazy today!	0
Why is everything just crashing down on me? I just want a break from the madness.. overwhelmed	I feel like my life isnt how I want it to be right now but I was happy before so I can be happy again.	0
You'd think that the school would've learned that if you make finals at the end of the year it's just setting us up for failure	Even though it's a tough choice, my brain can handle it, and I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.	0
Valentines my valentine this year are my books,i'm having so much fun studying I'm gonna hurl Exams College Tired	I have to wash and straighten my hair and finish two homeworks due tomorrow. I hope to reach home soon.	0
It's been a crappy day! I've been in such a bad mood, so I've not been on here any, but hoping things get better.	My daughter need to find a seat at the 205,but there is none, it will practice her standing there.	0
I feel like my anxiety is through the roof lately!! I try not to worrybecause everything always works out!!	Sometimes I feel unsatisfied with the world, and don't know why, but I'm sure tomorrow I'll be better.	0
Have to go somewhere but i'm sick, this will be the worst day of my life.	I'm feeling sad and that is okay.  I should reach out to a friend or family member.	0
Ahhh why has my suitcase broke when I'm leaving at 4 in the bloody morning	I hope I am able to get rid of all these negative feelings I have now and get a new start very quickly.	0
gatwick is the most incompetent hotel on the planet thank you for ruining the start to our holiday. Never again!!!	Athough the week ahead is packed with numerous activities, timely planning and execution will help me sail through it smoothly.	0
I miss being a little kid, with no stress, no worries and not a care in the world	I can't understand what's the company doing.	0
I'd like to play Bayonetta tonight. But idk why in the middle of the night I start feeling anxious. live? question	This video has to be 3 minutes long but I have it for 4 minutes. I am looking forward to cut the irrelevant parts to shorten it.	0
The Lord is a refuge for the oppressed, a stronghold in times of trouble. (Psalm	I will catch up with everything I have to because I am strong to handle everything that comes my way.	0
Today was lonnngggg and I already feel tired for tomorrow and it's not even tomorrow yet much?	In a little while I can finally be traveling to WV, then Texas and finally Florida	0
I hate the fact I cant sit down and focus and get things done fuck my adhd	Pretty soon all of my exams will be finished.	0
ugh i haven't EVEN started practicing for planned candid tailgating pics for the spring game :/	I am happy that I survived thisl long day and I can chill out tomorrow after the long tired night.	0
That's is no more essays for tonight. Already know I'm going to go over my word count	After finishing Catching Fire, I'm shocked but glad that things turned out the way they did in the book.	0
Today Is The last Exam. I Just Might Cry After Because Of Relief Oh How I Hate Test Anxiety	I've been stuck in traffic, and I am only halfway to work. I hope the traffic clears up, and I reach there on time.	0
OH HOLY JESUS I FORGOT I HAVE A PROJECT DUE TUESDAY.. This is very bad. Im busy all night tomorrow too. When am i going to do it!?	I can't sleep but the run I will go on in a few hours will feel really good.	0
fucked off with essays, school, teachers, people in general, early mornings, the future, and UCAS	I'm pretty sure that If I communicate directly with my partner we can work things out!	0
I'm sorry but what happened to Saturday morning shows? Where did That's So Raven go?? depressed but	Studying is the best way for me to improve and be better!	0
Bauer wont stop barking. He started at 11:30 and now its 12:21. Just go to sleep damnit.	I've been thinking about many things and that's good because I'm contemplating and learning. But it's time for productivity, focus on my homework and stop procrastinating.	0
Can't focus on schoolwork until I find a job for the summer and somewhere to live since my lease is up in a little over a month	I will be tired tommorow but a cofee will help me get through the day.	0
I hate having to work twice as hard to get votes for the boys AND Taylor	When my kids frustrate me, I remind myself that I love them and they'll be more mature someday, just like me.	0
Government test tomorrow bmz test Monday physics test Tuesday work Sunday and Monday and I'm sick	I woke up feeling so inspired to write something today.	0
By this time in life I probably should have learnt to not leave coursework until the day before its due in	Even with this pain in my neck, I look forward to my chiropractor appointment tomorrow, thank God.	0
Oomf jus ruined my cat nap will I'm up now so I gone finish my stuff I hate school	Unfortunately I took the wrong train. I need to be somewhere now. I need to get more attention next time.	0
Dear, you need a delivery service. I need a very berry hibiscus refresher with lemonade and I'm stuck at work. :(	I am excited to do my exams and assignments to raise my grades up.	0
Excuse me while I go dye my hair back to black after that OU game. Sheesh. nailbiter	I feel like my head is full of all the thinking about everything I've been doing lately, but that's life.	0
Why is it so impossible to find a dress for Grad ball!? :'( I've bought 6 now, and none are right.	Count backward from 100 as many times as necessary to make the problem clearer	0
Having to think for everybody else stops me being able to think for myselfwhich then makes me look like the failure!!!	Science classes are very tedious if you're not into it. At least our teacher makes it fun.	0
That moment when you thirsty as hell and u just drunk all ya juice/soda ..	Some nightmares are very scary, but you can settle down to sleep when you can make sure it cannot happen in reality.	0
I just need this week to be over. Too much going on, too much studying and just not enough time :(	It is a bit shocking when you realize that you have to do a 5 pages single spaced instead of double, but it is not a big problem.	0
I really don't like that Wren is just going to call people randomly to present	Minimum wage is a sad thing and I hope people would understand the misery of the people and pay what is due to them.	0
I've been suuuuuuper moody lately. either my period is coming for me, or I have something to worry about.	But life has to get better from here.	0
I am not a morning person. Don't talk to me until after afternoon nap. crabbyaf so much to do so little time!!	Christmas will be so much more beautiful when I get my doctorate in my hands.	0
Pretty much departing at the time I was supposed to arrive in JFK Grrrr this sets back everything I had planned	My post secondary program has a lot of tests worth a lot of the grade, but I think I'll do well on them.	0
Trying to sleep so I can wake up at 5:30 without having too much trouble, but I can't. mindisracing	I'm pretty sure that I will find something to wear between all my things!	0
That feeling where I want to play a game, but nothing that takes real effort or thought. tired	When I’m done with my work, I will feel so accomplished!	0
Is your child stressed? Chillin' Kids is designed for families whose children "feel the stress more". Ages 4-7	Next week will be my time to sort out all my unfinished tasks.	0
Extremely mad at myself for not christmas shopping early. This baby shower used a lot of my money. Stressing.	Doing my homework is a good way to improve my knowledge and get better results in exams	0
My car is in the shop and I live in Nashville. My ride backed out last minute. I hate for this to count against me.	My favorite vet is leaving Long Island, and I don't like my other options, but I'm sure I'll find another good one.	0
I have so many things going on this week, I can already tell it's not going to be good!	I know I will get everything I need while shopping today!	0
I had a dream last night that I had a dream that I had missed like a week and a half of grad school classes and I had a paper due and I couldnt figure out what my schedule was but I woke up in my dream STILL missing class and man oh man it never ends does if	I know that these bad times will pass, and the COVID will be no more. I just have to be patient, and I will get to see my family, and friends eventually!	0
When it rains, it pours: My intern is ill, clients are calling for favors, deadlines loom and I'm supposed to pack for vacation!	Can't wait to go to Florida and start my holidays with a drink in my hand.	0
Probably gonna have to rent in Japan now. Plus the added expenses of grub etc. >;:'(	My great uncle asked me where I'm sitting at the beanpot but I will def be too drunk to interact w him there, it's going to be a great time	0
3 papers due for my English flass and a project for Reading all due this wednesday, FUKK to the max!!	I believe in the reconciliation of my father and brother, I know that soon I will be able to see my brother again!	0
So many complete different requirements for OCU.. never knew I would get this confused.. I need relief!! Someone HELP!	I need to plan better and practice the experiments well ahead of the date of presentation.	0
I just want to get the organic final over with so I can breath again!	I have to take extra hard classes for my major, but it helps me to grow as a scholar.	0
ugh weddings make me wish i had a bf. am i ever gonna get one! lonely	This semester is going to be great. I look forward to acquiring more knowledge from the two sciences I took.	0
Cant get the smoke signal going and Piggy cant see. What else could go wrong.	If the weather is disturbing you, it is better to opt in for a stress relieving “ManMade Shave'. Marylebone.	0
How do you stop thinking about an exam you think you've failed ? Asking for myself	I know that I'll get into a kpop band one day and get As on my test tomorrow.	0
working thursday, friday, saturday, and sunday plus my final week of school projects.. not my cup of tea	I will learn how to earn my own money! I will work hard and achieve it!	0
I don't wanna do that be nice thing with the whole school to many people and i don't have the colors	I hope I can sort this app soon, I'm sure I can speed it up.	0
So much for that.. It's so bad out that I had to pull off into a McDonald's and have my dad come get me	I'm thankful for cops doing their job, protecting us from drunken people.	0
Why were so negative with me when I tried to return a jacket I didn't order? I found the experience completely not in keeping with the values I would have associated with their adverts. disappointing	Losing weight is a big obstacle i know i can overcome.	0
There's been so much on my mind the last couple weeks, and I don't know what to do	For the next couple of days without mental break down that will be awesome.	0
I wish i had someone to rub my feet and give me a massage. Work really kicked my butt today tired	Need to keep my laptop fully charged at all times, especially while on the move. That's sure to keep me stree-free:)	0
Daddy Jason wants to work on my car this weektoo bad I don't have a way to work! Uggggh	Spent the evening teaching my parents how to use Skype, Google hangout, unplug a Roku, inputs on the tv, and Netflix.  So thankful they will be able to do it themselves now.	0
Turning in earlymaybe I'll read, maybe there's something mindless on TVI seriously need to chill out.	Wearing stretchy pants during finals is comfortable.	0
Hate the feeling of being scared and nervous and can't do anything but wait it out.	Needing a holiday badly. Miss vacation	0
I have so much I need to do but I have no motivation to do it tired	I can't make rehearsals but I'm sure it will work out and people will understand.	0
The fact that I can't even brainstorm and makeup 5 pages worth of material shows how much I DON'T know about my research topic!	I cannot wait to be done with school so that I can have a good night's rest.	0
I guess midterms weren't enough so teachers decided to give me a test everyday this week	Have to make it through these last weeks of school because I can't wait until summer!	0
I may be weak, but your spirits strong in me. My flesh may fail, but my God, you never will"	I hope there is an option to change my major after 2.5 years in college.	0
I have to keep reminding myself that all the late night studying will pay off predentlife	I hope to get hold of one of my best friends right now.	0
feeling blunt.. piss me off then dont get mad when i say something. shitstarters tiredofpeople	It's hard when you can only reach midweek before needing to relax. Already looking forward to the weekend.	0
Could this uni get any less helpful when the American visa woman doesn't even know how to advise me on what visa to get, argh	It‚Äôs hard to keep kids under control but I think I‚Äôm doing a great job.	0
A four day week is a bit of a shock after just a day and a half last week tired	I realized that I have some issues to resolve with other girls.	0
i decided that i can't work late tonight.. i need jammies, brainless tv and kitty cuddles. just what the doctor ordered	Going to make it through the next week and a half no matter what!	0
The only thing worse than seeing a spider in my room, is knowing there's a spider but not knowing where it is	My focus is on the finals! I will not pay attention to the bad news!	0
So sick to the point where my whole entire body is sore and aching pleasegoaway stress	So busy. That's what happens when your life is wild	0
Sigh. It's only Tuesday. I'm going to need a drink the size of my head tonight. Or two. And other things.	I love helping people out, even if they don’t return the favor.	0
Fuck this paper it wont write itself and I am tempted to see if tears will sway its determination ugh cold sleepy	I need to rest more, I don't think I'll be able to wake up tomorrow at the right time, not even with the cell phone alarm.	0
Why don't I ever figure this out the first time. I'm always rushing to get things done and figured out!	Things are already bad by Tuesday, but they'll get better by the weekend.	0
Elsh sometimes feel so tired mostly when I'm not working hard coz I like to work very hard but now not working anymore	This situation has shown me that I must not endure anything bad from anyone, even if it means losing my "friends".	0
When somebody tells you that junior year is the hardest is lying to your face	I was in a course all day, and I'm nervous about my exam results. It was hard going to college twice, but it worth it, and I'm glad that I did.	0
I know there are good days and bad days its just getting harder and harder for me to tell the difference anymore.	I am going to finish my school assignments this week.	0
You ever have one of those days where it seems like what can go wrong, will go wrong? Yeah that's been my day today. Annoyed	I need to cook because my mom isn't home but it will help me learn to cook best food!	0
Hoping Ive had my 3 FFS moments for today. 1. No hot water, so cold shower for me 2. Forgot my hospital appointment letter 3. Stopped by someone asking for change Oh Ive also got a meeting to assess my performance over the last 6 months.	In that we finally have the wedding shoes it is good that every one should know that I was very worried about this.	0
Have never had this much work to do in such a short time impossible	Although it is scary to live on this planet knowing that we have destroyed everything in every way, we need to think about how to change that fact. He just gets scared all the time, it doesn't change the fact that a lot has to improve or we will all destroy ourselves.	0
It's so hard to please everyone; only so much I could do in so little time!	Skipping a work-out day to concentrate on my math homework, is hard work, but I can do it.	0
This semester is kicking my butt. I feel like I am so behind. I am not the person I want to be this semester. gettoclass tired	I have a lot of assignments due Wednesday, so I'm psyching myself up for the challenge.	0
Awful awful day. Curling up in bed watching Disney films is the only way forward right now	I dont think school is for me, the service will provide me many more oportunities	0
When everything and everyone you tried so hard to leave behind catches up w you  aint even a strong enough word.	I am not going to judge what goes through in my life. I will accept everything.	0
Really hoping to find time to do homework while I'm watching these kids all day	After I finish my exams I will have so much free time for myself!	0
Just bought first DAB radio. Cannot find a particular station, one of the few reasons I bought it.	I might now be able to drink during any of them, but at least I will be able to see the beautiful town of Ibiza and spend time with friends.	0
I go upstairs so I can study.. Not so you can follow me and continue to talk to me!	I guess not having my car for the time being really makes you appreciate what you have.	0
For the first time in a while, I feel on the constant verge of a panic attack.	I am not able to believe that I have to be in the airport in 3 hours, but I am too excited about my travel.	0
This US is going to start looking really different when all these girls cant get out to get their lashes filled, nails did and extensions tightened.	Being at home longer than two days can sometimes get me crazy but I'm always grateful to be around family when I'm at home.	0
Oh dear god studying for exams is gonna be the death of me, AND THIS IS ONLY THE FIRST ONE WHY?!??	I am so hungry watching this heat game, I think I will order a pizza.	0
I don't like driving for a living. It makes me tired and its boring as hell with spikes of major stress. Yet that is all I will ever be qualified for. driving autism AutismAwareness actuallyautistic jobs working life rant depressed	Been a tough day but it’s only Monday so things will get better.	0
Gotta love when my dreams decide to just parallel the shitty reality I'm in instead of taking me away to an alternate one	This project is taking longer than I expected, but it's because I am really trying to make it perfect	0
If I should be training for anything, I feel like it should be how to drink water and run my half marathon at the same time	There are so many great possibilities of what I could be when I grow up.	0
I am an idiot for leaving it til the very last day of the holidays to do studying and homework	I need to have more patience when I'm waiting to see my marks.	0
Tempted to throw both my mums laptop and iPhone out of the window! Bloody apple products are driving me mental today!!	I am excited to shop the Lilly P sale at Target, even if I have to compete for what I want.	0
That awkward moment you eat both your packed lunch and dinner for lunch examtimehunger fatty	I'm struggling to make my dreams come true and I'm growing and learning a lot.	0
gonna get a little bit of sleep and wake up early, look over my study guides again, and then go take the midterms. WishMeLuck. .	Smoking should not be a secret deal since many people do it.	0
i think i got anger problems! smh I'm mad and i'm just hitting, throwing, or pushing anything that's in my way! SMH Mad	I should take care of myself.	0
I'm not sure why this hurts so bad, I was never supposed to be with you. In need of a vacation already. broken	My better half is sick today, and I'm not going to see her for the whole weekend, but at least we have Monday to look forward to.	0
Is it true people re taking some AS modules have to do the yr 12 mocks in Jan?!	I'm taking a break from everything to reset my mind	0
I think I've been sick more times this year then I have in my whole life..	I am feeling burnt out at this point, but I know tomorrow I will feel better	0
I hate living w these people! I just want to start my life w my husband already!	Thank you for praying for me. I know that I will get a job soon.	0
Third year is really hard. If I didn't have America to look forward to I don't think I'd survive it	I am having s hard time in life getting things to go my way at the moment but I’ll keep positive.	0
please can you advise how I can buy tickets as a gift online but not provide bankers card on arriving at the park :-(	Having a good grade is in my hands. Let's do it!	0
This assignment is slowly making me want to pull my eyes out of their sockets!	As soon as I finish my week of exams, I can be free and end my bad mood.	0
So typical that I get ill when half terms over. Not like this an important month or anything	"The nature of individual is determined by what thoughts he or she holds for a long time." MaxKirsten. Inspiring quote to remember.	0
I sometimes wish that I could be one of those people who are super lazy and who dont care about anything.	I should consult a doctor for my stomach issues.	0
Its been a hell of week. Stressful job along with 11yo and 13yo remote learning. Today after work, I told my kids dinner would be late. I cranked the music and had a long hot shower. I needed 20 mins to myself.  momlife	I just need to break this assignment into manageable chunks to get through it.	0
Just submitted my athletic training application These next couple of weeks are going to be the longest weeks ever.	The autonomy I get from being away from home only reinforces my character.	0
My writerslife I am so from writing my book I'm grinding my teeth in my sleep. It's so bad I got a grind guard so I don't chip anymore teeth anyone have some strategy for	Why didn't you stay? It would be a great opportunity for us to talk	0
this sepsis scenario is by far the worst.. can't get my head round it at all	I cannot wait to go home and have fun with my puppy and kitten.	0
You know its going to be a terrible day when i put my shorts on backwards and the wrong key in the ignition..	I'm thankful to have this experience to help me realize that I no longer want children.	0
It's only the second day of classes and I already have cried twice. WelcomeBack Stressed	Whatever may be the situation I have to keep working hard.	0
Genuinely don't know how/why they let me into final year! In desperate need of a jger bomb!	I must be very clear in doing my job.	0
wish I didn't have to work tonight so I could finish studying for final sim..	I hope I can find my Apple Pencil that I used on Saturday.	0
i hate the fact that theres heaps of people finished all their exams and i haven't even fucking started yet agh	Monday is going to be tough, but at least we don't have to travel a long distance to church.	0
I seriously feel like the next five weeks will move at a slow crawl. hurryup	Working at night has its benefits, like meeting some interesting late night characters.	0
I have like 3 papers to write that are due in like two days that i havent started..	1000 word reflection due tomorrow and I hope to finish it though I have pushed it to the last minute.	0
Lol I was with a parent and they go woah your eye is really red Im like oh yeah its my contacts *looks in mirrorI POPPED A VESSEL IN MY EYE	Every effort applied until late is to be productive	0
I don't even want my phone right now , I don't want anything at this point. sad	Being tired means that I am active in life.	0
Out of 4 hours of playing all I got was a bad back ache,soar knee/shoulder, and slight sun burn. Like WTF! lategame	Been a pretty tough couple of days, basically had to refit the entire electric boat with new equipment. On the bright side learned all I need to prepare for any related emergencies now.	0
Badly cringing.Theres a ratio of4new ppl to just me in gbar.I cant speak  may as well be doin public speakin in the philharmonic	I hope my throat heals in time for my Regionals so that I am able to perform well.	0
You dont realize how stressful college is til youre at least 2 years into it ohgoodness	New Year means that new opportunities will be awaiting ahead.	0
How stressed out I am? My GERD is back! I have teachers, politicians, doctors, and chief of police as clients and they just randomly appear here in the office. One at a time please.  graphicdesignerproblems OhClients	School is really hard at the moment but I know the pay off will be worth it if I work hard.	0
I'm broke and Stressed.Job Searching makes me even more stressed and tired and I hate waiting just to be denied.  collegestudent	The hard times for me are teaching me that I shouldn’t depend on anyone to be happy.	0
For a animal science major (pre veterinary) 120 units are required at Cal Poly Pomona	I'm capable of anything I set my mind to do! I know that sometimes I will fail but that will only help me to succeed in the future!	0
When my game is postponed until the day of my rehearsal less than a week before my concert	When the weekend comes everything from the week will be left behind and I will feel better.	0
This basketball season has prolly been the worst of my whole high school career. confused	The day has just begun, and it's already a challenging one, hope to get through this week, so I can relax!	0
Has it been a rough week? Sounds like a good massage is in order! busy stressed relaxation LaJolla	I can't wait to be done with work today. Working for 7 hours right after 6 hours in school is tiring.	0
This paper is killing me! Music test to study for too?! Grrrr nolife collegelife boring	I can't use moviemaker, still it sounds so easy. Well, it's time to get over it.	0
Flying to Sydney tomorrow, so getting things readyall of a sudden couldn't find my passport!!! Aaaaaargh! Hate that feeling :(	No matter how many people hate me. I love my self.	0
Stayed up until 2:30AM working on this project/magazine. I turn it in today and if it's "Not good enough"I will scream.	Some people are annoying but it is better to overlook such people.	0
Argh. Anyone would think Ive never cooked dinner before, or done the food shopping. Or washed clothes or fed my dog. Or hoovered. Or watered the plants. (Plants originally came up pants - I almost left it in for comedic purposes)	I am going to calm myself down so that I don't have so much anxiety over my decision that it gives me chest pains.	0
When people like to add Russian thistle to an already burning fire seriously suckyday work college	Need to up my game before it is time for exams.	0
door will not lock wtf delayed 4 dinnerso have to get takeaway. So much for steak :(	Buying a house might be complicated but then at least I will have my own house.	0
My family seriously needs to get off my a** about what kind of piercings I have!! It's my body, not yours!!	This year had ups and downs for me, but anyway I am awaiting its end, as I can start a fresh new year.	0
Hate it when I read through a piece of work and non of it makes sense.. Why do I do it?	A good night's sleep and rest should get me in a better frame of mind tomorrow.	0
How can finding a house be so bloody hard!!12 days to go.I should be freaking out so much more right now needahome	I am very excited to take a backroading trip and have a great time!	0
Please please please pick me up tm at 7.10am from Chadderton, and not just drive past me like you did today	I need to learn that other's people problems don't affect me and shouldn't keep me awake at night.	0
I'm a little ball of stress this week :( must find a way to de-stress before I go postal!! postal	The good thing about hard weeks is that after them come the calm weeks.	0
Pens started playing well in 2nd when I dumped 4 ibuprofen into my mouth for this nasty headache I have. due to more than hockey	Adulthood brings so much joy and positive things, I love it!	0
Last day off before I have a week of juggling 2 full time jobs ahhhh!!!! Why do I do this to my self!!!!	I have a lot of homework from co-op, but I know it will make me a better and smarter.	0
i really dont know how to tell my mum i have lost my phone :/	Excited to see grades at the end of this week.	0
I may or may not do some unspeakable things for a back massage. almostdesperate sore tense	It is going to be an exciting challenge to finish my homework and prep for my test this week.	0
Its all coming to an end but things arent quite working out the way i wanted them	I would love to have a break after all these tests and papers.	0
It's one of those days where I need to curl into a ball and shut down for a while.	Not having hair is not important.	0
I really do love softball and everything but its all just too fast. I need a longer	I know I will be able to do all these intense work, I will win the 9th grade	0
I just realized that I have to fill out like 5 college applications tomorrow night.	My brain is really overactive at the moment, I might try some meditation or something to help me relax.	0
Seriously think I'm getting an ulcer. Stomach burns all in one spot like soooo bad. And I feel like I'm bout to puke.	I'm going to be without my usual work partner I used to it.	0
1week of exhaustion down, 1 week of golf tourney prep left and 1 week of packing and moving left, see you on the 23rd friends!	Finally, I did park my Jeep correctly. I hope I improve my parking skills going forward.	0
Can always count on this time of the year to give me a mental breakdown	Counting down the hours. Less than 12 hours till I will be on my way to the airport. I feel a bit scared, but I can pull through it.	0
I want to go to sleep but I feel Ike I need to stay up and get hmwk done	When you are stressed you always need icecream, cookies and candy because backwards stressed is desserts!	0
acct test, 1 assignment and 1 paper in lifewellness, and a paper in english all due tomorrow sadface	I have a biology test in less than 30 minutes. I'm confident that all this studying will pay off!	0
I'm so behind in my schoolwork because I'm always busy and I hate it, especially because midterms are coming up	Feeling angry is also part of life, even if I want to pull my hair out. I appreciate being able to stay a person who is alive.	0
WHEN IT RAINS IT POURS  NEEDEDMY HUBBY IS IN THE ER GOING UP 2 BURN UNIT HIS FACE CAUGHT ON FIRE  FROM HIS OXYGEN not good  WE GOT TRANSFERRED HERE FROM THE VA SaturdayMood PrayerWarriors MY HEART IS SOOOO HEAVY FOR HIM	Resting will do me good and I can't wait to get some!	0
Turned around for two seconds and joshie pours spaghetti bolognaise all over his head just as I'm about to go out.	I have only an hour to chill after work before I go to my class, but I am happy that this busy schedule keeps me out of worries.	0
I cannot wait to finish uni in these next couple of weeks and regain my health  drained	I prioritize my education, and that's something I like about myself.	0
I have never wanted to smoke a cigarette so badly in my life and I don't smoke. !!!!!!!!	Time to muster up some courage and try on my swimsuit for Friday.	0
am i about to barf thinking about getting these bts tickets tomorrow? yes. am i also trying not to think about it as to not but bad vibes out into the world? also yes. i feel like im playing the game gdi.	Vegetable add a lot of vitamins that my body need, I'm sure I can find a veggie dish that I enjoy.	0
Today is gonna be a long day!! Off to work the now then got tys communion at 11 !!	Im so lucky that I dont have a kidney infection, esr infections hurt but at least they’re easy to get rid of.	0
Worried for my 2 presentation on the same day. Practicing now for both assignments until late nights	I guess I'll study a little before bed. Then, I'll sleep, and tomorrow I'll work a double. It's tiring, but I feel privileged to be able to work and study.	0
Never been so tired in my life and it's only the first week! Gunna be the toughest year ever	Looking at my bank account balance gives me the motivation to work hard and get out of debt.	0
Its so embarrassing when I am stressed out because my arms and legs get really red and my eczema breaks out to an extreme. blah	I had a mental breakdown in class, but at least I finally got the emotions out.	0
I swear a professor assigns a group project and just sits back with an evil grin awful	I'm hoping to hear from Ms. Costley for the project rubric.	0
Last class of the day yet I still feel like I have so much to do!! :(	I make it through this week without crying at least once a day which is awesome.	0
I think I'm going to fall apart soon. And it's way too early in the school year for that. Busy Tired Mom	I need to change my doctor to a more competent one so that I can get the medication I need.	0
Is it that hispanics are really so loud or is it that my ears are so sensitive? All I want to do is watch reality tv with the volume no higher than 12, yet my wife and the aide are scream talking right next to me. What in the entire fuck? Im over here lip reading.	I can't wait to watch the Super movie, which I always do during finals.	0
im so stressed its beyond funny! School, Bowling and the play! no breaks what the fuck!	I hope a good sleep will clear my mind.	0
My heart and my mind tell me two totally different things. Why can't they just agree on one?	January got very busy. So much to do in so little time, but I'm good at doing things under pressure, so I'm okay.	0
I'm going to my psychologist in 15 minutes. I'm a bit stressed because I don't know how to talk to her and I'm not really feeling well (mentally). psychologist Feelingsad	Going to the gym can really help relieve stress.  Especially when you have exams next week.	0
Identify stressors. Realize what makes you feel stressed and do something to change them. Anxiety Depression	I already had to treat myself out to coffee, and it's only Tuesday. It's not good, but I'll manage that.	0
Tonight - Restorative Yoga @ 8.30pm. Perfect if you can't quite manage a full yoga session If you're	My luggage was lost, hopefully they find it by tomorrow morning.	0
Omg the pressure of being a people pleaser. I hate the feeling of not doing everything that someone expects of me.	My phone is giving me some unusual statistics!  It says we have taken 15000 and lost 21.  I may need to fact-check this!	0
I lost my Gossip Girl season 3 Disc 2!! I'm sooo mad! And annoyed!! So I have to buy the season all over again!	I can think of some good things about these ladies	0
breaking out so bad and prom is Saturday  why did we schedule it at the same time as an end of a six weeks?!	It's Christmas, and I'm not going anywhere nor do I have anything to look forward to - except loneliness. Maybe that helps!	0
My eye has been twitching on and off for the past couple of weeks. Morgan told me it's because I'm . Me? Stressed?	After a good night's sleep I will be rested and prepared for tomorrow.	0
theres a cold, sweaty beer sitting in my fridge. im so tempted to crack it open and chug the whole thing	Oh! How I wish I could see my little brother now!	0
I need a night with my best friend!!! Where is he when I need him!!	The work can sometimes demand a lot from a person's mind, but this is good for skill development.	0
I am so sick an tried of feeling so crappy and grumpy! I wish for once things would go right.	Had a sweet escape training and then a drink to cool off	0
So exhausted after all them crazy days at work. Glad to finally have tomorrow off.	I'm feeling stressed these days but the good thing is that I'm producing a lot. I ended up forgetting to post b.5 of the sequence but no stress, it really happens, it's normal	0
A week vacation is all fun and games until you return to work and realize how behind you are. catchup	Hello, I am bieber and I am in the house.	0
There has GOT to be a way I can make a decent income right now	I am doing everything possible to raise my grades, and I hope to reap the benefit of my efforts.	0
Felling unhappy and sick it shouldn't be that way hope it will get better soon	I can’t wait for pay day when I have more money to buy what I need.	0
Completely changing what I want to do is really starting to take a toll on me	Wish I'd have stayed at home a little longer than just one hour, but that's past, and now I'll focus on the present.	0
About to beat the f*ck out of this bag. PhonesOff Angry Stressed PunchingBag FalconPunch fuckoff	It is normal to be stressed at work but nothing a breath of fresh air cannot solve.	0
The lakers really got money to blow tho.. And it's on average players nobody all-star worthy	Whoever designed this furniture pack needs to understand that this must be improved!	0
Have I mentioned lately how much I HATE CO, DIA, Colorado DOT and how horrible CO drivers are? lateformyflight 40minutedetour	I wish I could have a little bit more privacy in my dorm but the disadvantage worth it for the fun I have with my roomates!	0
That rosemary garlic chicken I'm roasting would be farther along, had the oven been in the on position for the past hour cooking	Tomorrow would be a tiring day for me. But it would be good progress and I will be done with a few of my tests.	0
I feel so overwhelmed with what I've committed to this summer.  it's hard for me to balance everything	I hope to get some sleep soon because of my tiredness even though i have many things on my mind.	0
I think taking 6 classes and working 5 days a week was a little too ambitious for me	I'm probably not going to the gym until exams are over. I'll be glad to get back to weightlifting.	0
It's gunna be my day and if you ruin it because of something stupid I will hate you. fuckgrad	Everyone goes through difficult situations where they just want to get away from it all, but I will show my strength and take it.	0
The fact I have an exam in 12 hours and I don't know what I'm doing for the last question .. I feel like crying	Improving my knowledge for exams will make me a better professional	0
entrepreneurs if you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation	Heavy feeling in your chest hope it get better soon.	0
Didn't sleep, didn't shower, failed my math test, didn't finisg writing my speech i give in 4 hours, haven't eaten since ever	I really hope to find someone special to help me relax when I am feeling tired	0
I hate the fact that I can search up old text messages on the iphone but I can't read the whole message	Situations where I don’t have the power may be hard to handle, but I understand that it will help someone else and that makes me grateful.	0
Third day with no electricity and one death in our house so far. Of course, it was my sons snake he got for Christmas knowing hed lose his dog soon. Im betting the cockatoo is next.	I hope I am able to organize enough money for the inauguration party.	0
Why do teachers always do this? Pile everything on in the last 2 weeks of school. Its their fault that we're all nervous wrecks.	I'm sure we will shoot down capitalism! Therefore, our humor won't be determined by money-related issues.	0
Just spoke to a Counsellor as encouraged to by. Very helpful, with some good suggestions. Still feel anxious and worthless. Will have to put the suggestions in place, I desperately want to be back at work.	Sometimes I can’t get everyone to take advice into consideration; but I’m doing what I can.	0
Can someone just come an buy a home broadband off me man?!? I just want a balloon and the 26th off work :'(	I'm feeling alone and having a hard time but I think maybe now I should go out and find some new friends.	0
Is this what ugly blick clapped girls feel when their lighty friend is being moved to by a group of boys..	Woking full time is a shock but the holiday’s planned will be amazing.	0
Packing my suitcase. As always, there's about double as much stuff as there is suitcase. I hate this. Especially when I don't know how long I'll be away. So bikini, keyboard, extra laptop, sweater, bra, bra, bra, nice blouse, shoes shit I'll need shoes	I am stressed, and I hope someone would help me relieve it.	0
So confused. I don't even know what to do about next year. The future is honestly so scary.	Have to stay at school until 10:00 p.m. to finish my yearbook.  Thankfully they are providing us with dinner from Chipotle.	0
it's so hard to study for finals with all this on the brain this week is going to be tough on everyone	It's hard enough to deal with my family problems and money, and now I got this. It's hard, but I have to keep going, because I'm stronger than this.	0
Crying this much has gotten to be so exhausting. I'm so tired of everything and everyone. Some has got to give.	Sharing time with my brother is valuable, even if we’re just quiet.	0
Today has already been a bad day, and I know that later will get worse. :/	It is normal the pressure that the family puts on when we are at school. Everyone goes through this, I need to learn to cope.	0
Realizing how much I hate Eat N Park. I have sooo much school stuff to do	I would love to be done with tomorrow. I have a packed day tomorrow.	0
what will they do to me next? pplsuck antinatalism rude mean loud Disrespectful fear anxiety	I am so excited to know that I will finally have answers today about my future!!	0
not one to wish my life away but the 23rd May needs to seriously hurry up! finalyear	Have an exciting interview tomorow, I’m sure I can get another videographer.	0
Hoping I sell my dress so I can get this other one if it isn't gone! :/	It's time for me to get a brand-new toothbrush.	0
The sad thing is i can't share this with you. And that leaves me with no one to talk to.	I will find my best friend who is good about figuring out the non calculator part of pre calc.	0
sucks trying to keep composure when dealing with assholes who would LOVE to see you fail.	I hope my classes don't close by 8.30 a.m tomorrow morning.	0
Sick and tired of trying to please people to make them happy not anymore , just me an my baby are all that matter	I hate being in hospital but I have a lot of lovely nurses looking after me so I am thankful.	0
i dont wish party planning on anyone, not even my worst enemy . 150 people ?! seriously ?! ..	I just need to work tonight a little more to finally finish all my uni fashion homework.	0
About to start one of my five essays I have due tonight!! Pray for me!! overwhelmed	I hope I am done with the next 6 weeks of nursing so that I can have some peace of mind.	0
It's that time of the year where all my tweets consist of having so much to do, so little time	Even though I'm running on little sleep, I have the drive to accomplish all my goals today.	0
Nothen worse than being proved wrong, why dont i ever listen to what people tell me	Im tryna be the s word because it means being the best.	0
Bruh, I hated the election for years ago and this just feels like a double whammy. My stomach has not been agreeing with me all day LOL	I need to focus more on paying my mouthguard and avoid being consumed by stress.	0
It's clearly not a good day when my most used emojis are and  frustrated sobusy	It's time for me to get focused and get some work done for class.	0
Los be Grabbin butt cheeks but he wasn't there last night so I was like wtf?  Violated	My dog is sick tonight, and I am staying up with him.  Hopefully he will be feeling better in the morning, and we can get some rest.	0
All the possible worst case scenarios of what can happen when my results come out is FKING MY HEAD.	While planning the future is important, I must spend my time more productively in doing so.	0
You can now register your company, with with us! We can help make you less	A rough week at work. Hope some Oreos, wine and a few Benedict Cumberbatch movies can fix it.	0
Anyone who thinks textiles is easy and stress free then your thinking wrong it's fucking hard work so stressed	There are some people with selective hearing who hear what suits them and deny what they don’t like. It is always better to overlook such people.	0
Why bother trying when reality shows you you didn't have a chance to begin with.	Im about to make an important decision about if I should continue how I am or try something else, I known I will make the right decision.	0
There is nothing more depressing than having it all and still feeling sad stress out	I should do meditation to improve my memory power.	0
I hate missing out on choreography but feels so good just to sit on the sofa and not do anything	Thankful I was able to go to my father's memorial service, and get moved in before getting back to life.	0
if u think there's hope to the people who never went to a justin bieber tour	I hope I get a better partner in my life going forward, someone who is more compatible with me.	0
If i make it through this week I am going to be amazed stressed :/	I have so much to do and no time to do my homework. Time to get more organized with my studies and not procrastinate!	0
Why do boys find girls confusing, guys are the confusing ones with the mixed signals ffs	I wish I was an ascetic as the greatest philosophers were. I must try to be content with my own presence.	0
This whole moving and work and school and being sick all at the same time thing isn't really working for me.	Lord, thank you for giving me the resources to get through the mock trial tomorrow.	0
I hate having to help everyone deal with their stress but when it's my turn to be stressed out I seem to be alone. tired	I have motivation to do everything today.	0
This week is going to be hell. I don't even want to get up. :(	Time to start working on my studying techniques and skills, so I can get a good grade on my accounting final.	0
I'm done with the world atm. I just want to get home and hide under the covers. tired	I trust my body will be able to pull through, I just need to keep moving forward!	0
Seriously need a day that's all about me and no one else! Pampering is in store hopefully	I think taking regular english would have been a good idea to complete my education and graduate.	0
Two essays due next week and didn't even begin to look at them yet.kill me please.	Phone isn't working. Call my new number for inquiries/emergencies	0
I'm so tired. I haven't had full nights of sleep in a while since I'm so stressed. ugh	I suppose I should appreciate people that come in 45 minutes before closing; money is money after all.	0
The weak side of me wants to break down and quit! But my alter ego's saying not to and let them give up on you! (sigh) help freakintired	I don't know what's wrong today. I'm stressed and could just really use a hug. Hopefully after a good night's sleep and tomorrow will be a better day!	0
Home used to be my place for rest and relationships, now that it turned into 'my school' (or workplace for others), it's harder to feel rested. covid19 onlineschool workfromhome covid19diary	I have all eyes set on home to rest, after going through quite a bit - an exam, one class and 4 hours at work.	0
Why did I leave it this late at night to put my bed sheets on it's so hard!!!	Can't wait for this day to be over	0
why do parents feel the need to bring up people from your past in every argument?	I hope I could somehow find the box of thin mints that I hid last year.	0
When in pain, annoyed or , we can either get mad at the situation or accept it and try to discern the lesson to learn. Meditation helps us choose the latter.	Sometimes situations take a turn for the worse but theres always good that comes with the bad	0
God please help me make it through my first college final, as you always help me through everything.	Although it is difficult to stop, I know that not leaving things for the last minute will make me better.	0
Holy crazy day at work. Being 'in charge' is a scary, yet exciting endeavor. tired ********	I'm glad my uncle in North Carolina has a place for me to stay when I need it.	0
Been up since 4 and still have 15 pages to read. If I make it through this week I think can make it through anything.	We got to stand outside and kinda just hang out, sure it was cold, but were bundled up and getting paid to hang out and get to know one another.	0
I've studied all weekend for my exam but yet I feel like I'm not ready for it at all. ugh	Going to see my friend and catch up! I'm so excited!	0
Getting so desperate to clear up acne over night, that you rub toothpaste all over your face	I have a test in every single class to make up, and I hope I do that successfully.	0
Wishing that wind would like blow the school away for a day til i get some proper sleep tired	Luckily I have so much keeping me going these days, sleep is the last thing I think about.	0
2 tests due for my online class by next Friday and it's taking me all I have to finish them	It's crazy busy this week but at least next week we'll be on break!	0
So many changes are being made in my life. I'm not sure how I can deal but doing the best way I know how to.	Only halfway through the work day and I've come close to quitting which is bad.	0
Its always the people you never expext that help you! Worse morninf in a very long time! lifesaver	Wish I could just drop everything, but I know I must be strong and not give up.	0
when I get sad my bank account quickly declines. and this is the ultimate sad. broke	In bed early so I can get start the day tomorrow bright-eyed and bushy tailed.	0
My final is due at midnight, I work in 6hrs and I am only half way done.	I would love for the weekend to arrive quickly so that I can nap and relax making my mother happy at the same time.	0
Why do they keep shutting the Coldra slip road??? Got lost again in the dark in Newport!!! everytime	I can't wait to be done with this week and start with the weekend.	0
Worst day in work I can remember and can't even look forward to going home for a bottle of wine :(	Time to realize I shouldn't procratinate my writing assignments.	0
This weekend is going to be so stressful! I'm going to bed because theres clearly no reason to be awake	Thank you to everyone who keeps me in your thoughts and prayers, it really helps me through these difficult times.	0
I think I might be chronically stressed.. everyone imitates the twitch in the eye. The twitch is not a lie.. just annoying AF	A long four-wheeler ride at my dad's place sounds like a fantastic idea. I think I'll go.	0
Going to turn everything off - radio and tv and just hide from everyone  notcoping cancer ovariancancer	It has been a hard week but I'm looking foward to saturday night, to have a blast and have fun!	0
Don't feel like doing any homework today..or this weekor for the rest of the year. exhausted come on summer!	I believe it's a good quality for me, always wanting things more.	0
I worry about things I can't control but then I worry about not being able to control them	Life is going so fast that there's a long time I don't sleep early.	0
was ordering from my local applebees for the GreatAmericanTakeout and I am sooooooo sad - no chickenfajitarollup no me I ranch my comfort food - all gone	It's hard when you're mentally, and physically tired, and can't sleep. Also, when you're hungry but can't eat. But I'm sure these things will pass, and I'll be okay.	0
Been looking for over the knee socks for the past 2 weeks for T and can't find them anywhere.. Help?!!!	All I ‘ve got is a headache because of all the crying. But I wish to pull myself together and seek happiness in the company of my friends.	0
my bad Charlie its just im very stressed frustrated at the moment Im trying to relax but its not helping out much	I will feel so lucky if I get VIP tickets for the Melbourne Integrative Introverts.	0
Who else wants to add on to my list of things to do by tomorrow!	I am regretting going to university, this is a chance to reevaluate my life goals.	0
Thinking about heading home at least for the night. Just want my cat and my bed. schoolproblemsnight	Having a hard time resting because of my nightmares, but I'm sure it will get better in a few days	0
I'm always tired, but lately have been waking to insomnia in the middle of the night.	At least when I have done the work it will be over with then I can relax.	0
Tomorrow after church, I'm gonna sleep the day away and I don't even feel bad about it.	I understand that dreams are just that, dreams... And they don't define my mood.	0
I just want to be "attacked" by 45 puppies when I get home everyday especially after finals	Recruitment system is down so have to print over a 100 applications! I hope to finish it soon and enjoy my Friday.	0
Off to bed. I cant seem to have a decent day and I always say maybe tomorrow:(	I need to work on focusing and not procrastinating when it comes to writing papers.	0
Someone just give me a cold so I can sleep all day and have time to do my work exhausted	I am nervous about the history exam tomorrow, so I am going to stay up late tonight to study.	0
It's one thing after another :( I don't know if things can get much worse sad	I don't feel well but at least I know that some cookie dough or nutella will make me feel better.	0
Is this Monday over yet? it's turned out to be a crappy day. I feel awful and I have to "talk" to 2 of my student workers tomorrow	I seriously need better time management to complete tasks on hand and prepare well for tests.	0
When I sleep that's the only part of the day that I don't wonder about you running through my head constantly	Studying hard but still ready for the end of Feb	0
Never flying again on Memorial Day weekend. The airport is clearly not ready for this. frustrated	I have an economics quiz tomorow but if I start studying now I might pass.	0
So close to giving up with this last exam, exams are stupid!! No more motivation	I'm thankful that I realize I need a break, and I honor my alone time.	0
Not doing it. By the time I get the prerequisite done, the assignment will be due. notwastingmytime tired	I need to begin going to therapy to help manage my negative emotions.	0
Why is Flow internet service so slow and unreliable? I have report cards to complete.	I absolutely hate these inequalities in society class. I will change these things.	0
If I could see in the future I would have less stress in my life.	I have to go to doctor to make my stomach free from pain.	0
All of this bull crap happening before I go off. The only person I talk to about things going on is a part of the bull crap.	I would feel like crap when I have a bunch of homework I have to done it.	0
Those times when things are fine and dandy, then you get hit by a fucking dinosaur.	this Christmas not going over to my family's. #adulting	0
Desperatly trying to download a tv show and it's not even at 1% after fifteen mins	I'm going to use my time more productively from now on.	0
2 exams, a huge project and a couple small assignments all due Monday!  is an understatement	Time to reorganize my thoughts, be motivated and keep studying	0
USA needs to play a short, quick game heavy on the offense but what do I know? WorldCup	Even with the difficulties and stress I am grateful for the trust they had in me to put me in charge.	0
Goodness sake, breakout after breakout these holidays. Sick of it. Didn't get anything whilst I was at work :(	I have 2 projects due on Tuesday. Every day this week and next week I'm working. But I am glad to keep myself busy to keep negative thoughts off my mind.	0
Tryingg to get on the tram in the morning is nearly impossible ! -.- dpmo	I can't sleep at night during finals, but they will be over soon.	0
I just want to go home, eat my weight in Oreos, and cry. I hate Mondays.	We found out there was no bathroom on our 8 -hour bus, but there is always a gas station in all places.	0
Love breaks but hate having to deal with all the bs due the week before.	I can use the chainsaw for you, and then it’ll get done faster	0
So project due monday. Long form due wednesday. Career gallery wednesday. Haven't updated my resume. crying	Someone will be there to comfort me when I need it the most.	0
Mason little devil having a mad half hour when I'm so tired and a banging headache!	I still need to buy some gifts, even though I'm low on cash. At least I have people to buy gifts for.	0
Twitter and Facebook is boring now since its about 1 thing. Anyone wanna hang out this weekend?	Hopefully soon I will be able to see my friends and this covid thing will be over.	0
Only been back at work 5 days since the Christmas holidays, and I'm already and tired with the madness of my job.	I have a lot of work to do in 22 days but I know that I can smash it because I'm so hard working.	0
Can someone please explain to me how this clock thing works?! What time is it?	I'm going to make sure I study hard for my finals next week, so I can ace those tests!	0
NOOOOOO!! The fucking spider got away!  The worst kind of spider is the one that got away!  How will i sleep now?!	I'll be practicing the dance with the other cheerleaders during school cheerprobz	0
I literally feel like im not learning anything this semester. Uhg. Is it April 25th yet? done	I am looking very much forward to summer. I am learning a lot right now, but it is also a lot of work.	0
I feel like ill do fine on my algebra exam so I might just sleep for the rest of the afternoon  productive	It is better to look for a new start if she is not interested in you. It is not worth the fight.	0
Starting to lose energy from my uc again.. Fuck.. I hate how this is cutting into my gym time	All the fun of Diwali this weekend means that I will really need to focus to complete my assignment for Friday.	0
Sadly having to postpone this Frid's cookalong, will schedule in again in couple of weeks after my little brothers wedding.	I am confident that I will choose the best option though.	0
On one of my laptops the keyboard won't work and and the other one Microsoft office wont open anything and I need to do my work !	I can teach my mom to fold my wires properly. It's fun having her around.	0
Just drove to NYC cause I got on wrong way on thruway and just drove.	Should I do a black and white profile selfie pic on facebook where i'm looking all serious and not smiling? It will probably make me look professional.	0
Sometimes I really hate college and wish I could fast forward through this part of my life.	I am so sad about having to sell tons of stuff just to pay my remaining bills off. But I need groceries to eat.	0
The only bad thing about missing 3 days of school is the mountain of homework that comes with it	Am going to a Sarah's in an hour and still i havent got ready i need to do something seriously.	0
Staying up all night to study for finals was bad idea. All I want to do is sleep!	Positivity and inspiration really help me get motivated when I need to get things donw.	0
I hate these feelings of mounting frustration. Knowing that not much will change. deepbreath woosaa	Time to pack for an exciting new adventure.	0
So much to do so little time and a screaming baby thrown into the mix	Can I change my flights, so they are a bit earlier? Can we do that mum?	0
1 exam today to conclude this weeks! 3 next week then 7 in June after half term! school exams	I think if i were to clear my mind outside constantly to carry on	0
You know you're on vacation when even your private mailbox is receiving less e-mails. Now I fear returning home to the busy life	My nails are usually long. I never bit them, but now I ripped them all off. But not big deal, they will grow soon.	0
Ughhhh I'm gonna be late. Hate this shit. I need to fix my car. Hate living my life on everyone else's schedule.	I love riding on my four wheeler and listening to music to relax.	0
laptop bout to die and my charger is broken " use your phonewait, my bad.	Longing to go on a car ride	0
Listening to to try take my off how sick I feel and the stress of dance exams in three different genres help	I've been having a lot of bad luck lately, but I know this is only temporary.	0
no i'm not bored jud :'((( i am idk basta uggghhhhhhhhh BV BV BV BV buntagae maybe!? idk ugh	The internet doesnt work at school, and I have a 5 page report due monday with only 2 pages done. But I'll find a way to finish my work and everything will be fine.	0
crop.. ctrl+z crop.. ctrl+z crop.. ctrl+z (repeat x nth time) how come cropping one photo can be so hard?	Having a full time job while taking classes is a lot of work, but it will definitely pay off once I finish my degree.	0
Already broke down in tears and got back up to try and solve the problem and it's not even 9am, *sigh* it's going to be a long day	I'm going to learn to take all of my energy and use it to calm myself down instead of worrying.	0
After driving to Birmingham in the pouring down rain and taking my last exams. I could use a drank!!! out	Oxford street was awful but at least I know not to go back again	0
when you remember that tomorrow is a Monday.  the weekend went by so quickly notreadyfortheweek :(	Ugh! I've been thinkin a lot of things lately. I seriously hope to get a break from everything!	0
I absolutely hate making decisions and I find myself having alot of those to make	I have this week when you have a lot to do but don't know where to start, but I hope I can do it!	0
You dont realize how much stuff you accumulate at college until you come home and try to unpack it all	My head is aching, and I am a bit depressed, but I hope to pull through it.	0
why does my life seem like all work and no play at the moment :(	Next month will be stressful, but then I'll be home free	0
And today I get to celebrate last day of school by doing a history test. Not cool.	Soccer was my stress reliever for the past 5 years, and now I can't do that. But I'm sure I'll find another great hobbie.	0
I just want to spend cinco de mayo with my boyfriend& just relax.. But instead I'm stuck studying for finals all day.	The last thing I want to be and do is waste of time	0
Just when repeating my notes out over and over I just noticed I curse an outrageous and unnecessary amount	I would take pills if I got sick so, I could get better and be able to do my finals peacefully	0
Yeah so bruva tells me at half 1 at night were going to a weeding tomorrow	I'm so lucky I am still able to have hot salt baths. I know this drought will end soon.	0
I wish life would just stop for a little bit so I can have time to catch up.	At 11 am i'll finish my last hour in school, and some of this stress will be gone. I'm so glad I'll be free, and I can't wait to that!	0
I just feel like I can't get anything right. It's been a rough day.	Even though at times I wish I could redo certain things, I like to live by having no regrets.	0
I seriously need another weekend. Like now, and this one isn't even over yet. tothemax" amen	I'm not going to school because of a shooter warning but might get in trouble for missing school. Wish they'd just tell us to stay home.	0
always wide awake on the nights when I know I have to get up early	It's really hard to find good dresses for a winter ball, I want to look the best I can!	0
The worst thing about moving back to my parents is that I have to sell all my furniture.	4 tests in the next 3 days. I didn't realize it was exam week already. Hope I perform well.	0
I hate the weeks I have exams! Too much to do to little of time!!!!	Exams are hard but I'm sure that everyone is having a tough time right now. I'm sure I'll start to cheer up after they're over.	0
I won't give up on you so please don't give up on me. sad nothappy me cry crying tears instasad sadness depressed alone help hope l4l insta captionplus mood badmood moods upset	I am really looking forward to a mini road trip after what started as a rough day.	0
Ugh why do people have to be so complicated? Like didn't you listen to Avril???	Upcoming days are busy I have to be prepare for it.	0
TTC is really taking a toll on me. Down. In. The. Dumps. Cd25+ cd26= faint BFP CD28-CD30= bfn. Chemical? Evap?	It is so funny that I still panic when I wear red khakis.	0
Time to go to bed i think, that's if I can actually go sleep! Lot going through my mind.	Others could simply be a little more responsible with their work shifts to care for more sick children.	0
I think the hives on my knees arent going away b/c i dont have an apartment yet and is leaving in 10 days :(((( sadlife	I'm stressed out now but soon it will all be over and I can relax.	0
Have made ZERO progress on my common app. essay today because I keep deleting everything that I write. notgoingtocollege help	This is your life, you only get one, so live it to the fullest!	0
Serious London, is it really necessary to be this cold and windy today? Figure it out please.	Life may suck right now, but I know this pain is just temporary, and life will be better soon.	0
Probably one of the biggest die hard colts fan you will ever meet but every year seems like 1 and done.	Today is the big day, I hope I do well on the math test.	0
I have ACTs tomorrow, a tournament Friday and Saturday, prom Saturday night, and Geneva 4 after prom Sunday-Monday.	I have no time for involve other people problems.	0
It's seriously one thing after another. Don't get me wrong I love my life. I just want a break.	Sometimes convincing me is just another word to talk about I‚Äôm sure I‚Äôm okay.	0
I feel like I'm running like a chicken with its head cut off getting stuff ready for my party.	I need to stay at work for the break but the extra money worth it!	0
The days of no time for lunch, making to do list in my sleep and literally losing hair is back again!	I feel as life is bad now but I know that I will be stronger and will turn my life around.	0
one speaker is late. Thank you gifts not made and I lost the flash drive with a presentation in the minutes I am in event room	I've dedicated myself a lot and I know I'll finish my UCAS and take a good theory	0
Can everyone in AP psych just tell Mrs. Bleeke we thought the FRQs were due on Friday???	My co-instructor really gets in my head sometimes but I know he wants the best for me	0
Starting arnis training this week since hindi na ako nakakapagshoot sa Archery range. I'm going crazy, I seriously need an outlet.	Whenever I get upset at myself, I take a deep breath and give thanks for being alive.	0
You know you're having a bad day on Fifa when you start screaming at the tv..	I do hope company call cantres learn to say “sorry”.That would be nice.	0
I have to finish it in 6 days and I also have the meeting on Skype this Friday.	I can't wait to get married I only have two days to go. Lots of planning to do.	0
absolutely hate being poorly away from home, why did this have to happen the week before assessments when I neeeed to be in?	My list of things to accomplish is always longer than the amount of hours in a day. My goals are months behind, but I know I will accomplish it.	0
With all this stress I just want to break down and cry, not be strong and try really hard to do well. nursing	I feel the world on my shoulders right now, but I know it's only going tobe for a short while	0
Patiently waiting for it all to work out how long do I need to wait though?	I can't be wasting time with useless decisions when I have to make important decisions about my life.	0
I swear I'm sick of having to be your dirty little secret, but there's nothing I can do about it.	This stress is affecting me a lot. I hope to get out of this soon.	0
at home so it's not really an emergency even tho I've spent hours looking for it	I have so many choices in life it's amazing to have options	0
I'm pretty sure everyone got together and said "hey let's see how much crap we can throw at Shaunessy this week"	I will be working hard on my rhetorical writing assignment which can only help me get better.	0
Ahhhhhhhh python is kettling my head! Must at least try and get my head partly round it before Tuesday pypool	There are times when I feel like I want to die, because I feel depressed and tired, but I'll look for help and be okay.	0
Thank God spring break is here. I need it so bad. sick it will feel so good to go to florida 4days <;3	Even though we don’t have the same definition of affection, these last years of friendship I had with you, I really value them.	0
I hate one of my clients so much I'm anticipating them going out of business	The one day I finally have time to read	0
My son will be here soon, then I'm moving to Texas.. 12hours away from my the family I've seen everyday of my life.	Not long to go until the final test for my OS Config subject. Nearly there, it will be worth it in the end!	0
My Mom had her surgery today. And now I think the kitten is sick. If it's not one thing, it's another.	I've got a full schedule of editing shoots, taking 2 exams, a presentation for school, mini sessions and finals. I'm strong enough to tackle it all.	0
first day back and I have five pages of homework, two projects due in the next few days/weeks, and I have a basketball game tonight.	Glad I have a friend I can rely on, school is so useful!	0
Argh my phone just hasn't stopped ringing today and I've got a 1000 word article to write up by 5pm. Need a PA. Like desp.	I'm glad this client called and said she was running late to her appointment, otherwise I'd be angry.	0
I just need someone to vent all my problems to. Is that too hard to ask? screaminginside help	I hope people start to realize that people who look different from them also can be citizens of this country.	0
All thanks to one teacher, I am now going to completely fail my sociology exam tomorrow. Absolute day from hell	I'm glad I planned my schedule so that Sundays are always a break day for myself.	0
Feeling like I'm stuck in a different time zone with a bad case of jet lag but I didn't get to go on a trip. nightshift zombie	I know that the paper is due tomorrow and it is tough for me to focus, but if I get this done I can finally relax.	0
There are just those days where I wanna build a fort on my bed and stay there until tomorrow toomuch	I will take time to rest and get back to work as soon as I feel better!	0
I really hope no one expects me to fix my hair at all this week. Because its not going to happen. tired	I am so sick of spending my weekends visiting my dad in the hospital. I feel bad for him.	0
Shoutout to me for writing a 7 page Shakespeare review paper in only a few hours. gocollege	If you are feeling tired and anxious without energy, some distance Reiki will help you lift your spirits.	0
Research paper due Friday, sociology test Friday, and huge lab test Friday that counts twice and determines if I pass or fail..	I think it's great that I can play fun games like hide the dinosaur at work with my coworkers.	0
The bad thing about being pre med is that you always feel like you need to do something else, one more thing	I have experience with this boy and am prepared to deal with him.	0
You know it has been a really bad day when your daughter tells you you need to take an ambien donttalktome	My coach wont be happy but I will explain her and she will understand!	0
Picking a username stresses me out, but not more than having a 140 character limit does. scared	I know that I will be able to relax after these 3 weeks! Awesome!	0
Putting a ping pong table together by yourself is not easy at all! Especially when the drill dies on you flustered	Understanding that what is in the past cannot be changed is part of the way I have to be optimistic in the future	0
Pretty and it's only 7am. Trying to get my work done for the day so I can go back to bed :(	I'm glad my family is together again, that moment is behind me.	0
We're supposed to leave tomorrow morning for five days and not a single thing is packed and the house is a mess.	I am very stressed but it will get better with some time alone.	0
Heat wave hurry up and come back. Im in the need for mindless sunbathing with nothing but music in my ears.	We should go get some drinks and have fun!	0
I have 8 assignments due April 14-15th . 4 of them consist of 5-7 page papers	I wish Christmas season ends quickly so that I can be done with all this shopping.	0
I hate how i take on other people's problems like if they are my own..	I worry too much about not losing my commitments. I thought I had slept a lot but I only slept 3 hours.	0
Some people piss Me off! Going to walk the treadmill and relieve some stress! frustrated	Im having a hard time with the Common App but at least I can improve my problem solving skills.	0
Is it bad that when I see people get engaged I think.. "Ha!! You have to plan a wedding next "	If Roxanne doesn't stop talking to me, I won't be able to finish in time to get off work in half an hour.	0
Im starting to get emails from indie developers again and its very exciting. Its just bad timing because Im in my final class, moving, planning other projects, and trying to guest on other channels so they will guest on mine. Its a lot right now.	Even though I have not been around people lately because of my finals at least I will be able to finish the finals.	0
Car shopping for a car in Montana when you live in Illinois is not fun.	Trying to revise chemistry. It's hard but I'm sure I'll mange to learn it.	0
When you're tired af but your small child (cat) is sick so you know there's no sleeping for you tonight	Cleaning at this hour of the night, I'm so productive!	0
If i decide to fail Devising now, it'll be less embarrassing when Fred gives me a big fat F for this bullshit essay.	All of us have our own problems, and it would be wise of us to be optimistic and find a solution to it.	0
This week will be hell and I just got sick again. 1 healthy day and back to having a cold.	I love this school only criticism, but I think there needs to be a few more doors, hopefully they'll be added.	0
My baby will be here next few weeks still gotta buy him the big things	I would be happy if I could get about 10 hours of sleep in a week.	0
It's times like these I wish my phone was still broken. I hate mixed up plans	Even if today was not my day and neither was yesterday at least it means that good days might come soon.	0
Everyday I'm thinkin of a master plan so I can stop being an employee and become an employer! This adulting shit is for the birds, it's too much!	I hope I resolve the issues with my bill with Npower and switch to a different provider soon.	0
I seriously have no ambition to work on debate right now but I need to joust	I will go get a relaxing face massage and feel much better!	0
If youre stress eating, at that moment, you may not see the other options available to you for dealing with uncomfortable feelings. Youre focusing on the short-term satisfaction. Have a plan. What could you do instead of eating when you feel bad? stresseating	My neck hurts and I am in so much pain, but I'm going to avoid negativity and saying curse words so I can feel better mentally.	0
I've already rearranged my room and cleaned out half of my closet It's one of those days.	I have to work a lot for what's mine but at the end it will help me treasure more the things I have!	0
I have to buy a fit , get my nails done , get my brows done , dye my hair and make a poster for tomorrow	It was not the best day today. I wasn't feeling well emotionally, but I'm ready to go to bed, and I'm confident that tomorrow will be better!	0
This makes me think a lot about the future is this really how I wanna be treated!!? confused disappointed worried	I wish I would get a real day off every week from now on.	0
Jeez!!! will I ever learn kids + supermarket = nervous breakdown!  pass me the bloody	Every morning I remind myself that I will be in bed at night where I will relax so I think about how good I will feel when getting in bed.	0
Don't get any of the biological approach or learning! Too much to learn with too much other revision :(	At least the baby got chickenpox now. When she grows up, she won’t suffer from it anymore.	0
I just realized I'm not 'intermixing' my sources but I'm too lazy to fix it because seriously this thing is due on Tuesday	I'm going to learn how to stop worrying and just relax when I'm in bed.	0
I have SO much on my plate this semester! It's hard to keep up. I can't wait until this semester is overrrr!	Sometimes stepping into college is the hardest time of all, but it’s the first step to greatness.	0
I'm tired of sleepless nights. Work in a couple hours and I've slept an hour	I have a long drive to do after a 3 day tournament but I will be able to go through with it since I am a strong person.	0
Why is my child so popular? ?? Bloody hell. Aint inviting ALL 30kids in her class plus family and friends	I am learning about setting limits with others.	0
I miss those late summer nights when I had nothing to do or worry about	I could never think the same again	0
Im having trouble with packing for cali ! this is why i always have to pack a month before	I hope to send out these internship applications as soon as possible. So that I can be relaxed.	0
So tired gotta work tomorrow. Bleh people keep asking me when will I start driving.. it's kinda getting annoying.	It’s sad when everything comes crashing down, but there is always a next chance.	0
I'm not a reck I just have so much on me right now I don't hate life I just try too enjoy it as much as possible	God never intended us to be stressed so much.	0
Can't wait to get home and take a nap!..oh wait just kidding I have to study for 3 tests instead -_______- tired	Music helps me get through hard times so that's good.	0
Just looked at how many days I have to do all of my coursework and I feel sick and now can't sleep	I can't wait to have a drink when I get home!	0
Ive actually just had a ham sandwich and a cigarette for dinner. What the actual fuck is happening to my life	I am keen on my work so I will complete my work on time.	0
Spent hundreds of dollars on senior pictures but can't even use them on my graduation announcements	The day was full today, sleep is good to rest	0
I hate when I can't sleep because I know I still have so much to do	I have a lot of work to catchup on but I feel at least its easy to follow up on the topics.	0
Here's a big THANK YOU for making my mind go crazy right before bed. Hello no sleep, once again.	Exhaustive day. Can't wait to see my bed.	0
Working and going to college is going to kill me . Can't wait to sleep tired	Time to take a speed reading course to help with my classes.	0
i don't want to stress you out, i just want you to know that i am . I'm not titanium. I am fallible. care to Care? :(	I finally managed to get hours of sleep!	0
Today = annoyed and notinthemood - with that being said my phone will be on do not disturb.	Chinese New Year hols coming to an end. Time to put my mind back into gear and get working!	0
If this coming up weekend goes as stressful as it is planning this all then it's gonna be a long weekend.	Going to have a long rest then I'm sure I will feel way less stressed.	0
Oh hey senior year! Why didn't anyone tell me you were going to be so difficult?	Sometimes I don't know where my friend is but we can't know everything.	0
to the max. Been up since 6 dealing with grumpy removals men who tried to put their price up once half our stuff was on the lorry.	I'm going to start doing my lessons first, so I can enjoy my days in a better way	0
Excuse me while I go pour out libations to the Greek God who controls my grade on this Greek exam	Thank goodness it's a nice night for skating!	0
I have so much to do I want to cry. I just want to enjoy my friday :(	Once my mom gets back we will talk about what happened and sort everything out!	0
So upset and angry right now.. I don't know whether to cry or punch something.. Ugh.	Im so thankful for what you have done.	0
Was having such a productive day getting stuff put up and now it's all gone wrong, I could cry!	I'm glad that Nasty C got to release a new single and more people will be able to enjoy their music.	0
I realize you're all trying to help me but it's my life and my decisions so please, just stay out of it.	I'm pretty sure that If I focus long enough, I will get all the work I have done!	0
I can just feel a mental breakdown coming, and I don't have time for it right now.	I have my fingers crossed that the day only gets better from here onwards.	0
The end of the semester is here, and I'm terrified because of the amount of crap I have to do in the next 3 weeks	I will feel so much better once it stops.	0
Hubby and car are gone. Left his phone and baccy and dog. No "bye", so it's just a waiting game now.	Better time management is all I need to efficiently complete all tasks on hands and relax post that.	0
So much c/w uni wbs urghhh" samee not in the mood to do it!	If your senior things get in tonight then everything will be sorted.	0
Really need 31 to buy a OneLoveManchester hoodie but I only have 19 to my name until Thursday  notime stressed	It's only a matter of time until I find a new job that I love.	0
So I'm going away next Sunday, half the trains are having works. Why does it always take a lifetime to get anywhere. drama	I will have more self-control going forward and stop biting my cheeks.	0
Lakers have become too perimeter oriented late in the 4th. They are in the bonus so should have force to get into the paint.	All this hard-work I'm doing right now will do me great in the future!	0
I seriously just want to be on a deserted island so I don't have to deal with idiots..	I can't wait to get over this stressful times and get back to my earlier schedule.	0
All this work, I swear Ima be an alcoholic by the end of this semester	I think it would be nice to take some time for myself and rest for a while.	0
i wish i could pause life and curl up to watch a movie and just not care about 1 single thing going on	It would be nice to get ideas to get rid of depression and anxiety.	0
500 words to describe how you got to this point in your life, why you want this, and what you have to offer. 500 words to determine the next 2.5 years of your life. How do you narrow that to 500 words????  anxious	It ‘s bad that I can't do a thing about the money taken from my account as today is a holiday. But my problem will be solved tomorrow.	0
When you don't even realize how stressed you are until everything hits you at once and you just wanna cry.	I love being able to listen to music on Kerrang radio station in Birmingham.	0
it sucks when you have a stressful issue at work that literally affects millions of dollars.	It makes me very happy to know that many people value my work and give me the responsibility to help them in their AR by just reading it.	0
Everyone keeps showing me their prom outfit. I still don't have a prom dress or shoes	This week is being hard, but what matters is that I'll be home on Thurdays, and I'm happy for that.	0
Get me out of this class so I can go do the mountains of work I have bored	I have a headache from gritting my teeth, but luckily I'm going to a dentist to be able to help fix them!	0
Round the world , xixixi RT" : Wow. Now what am I gonna do? :(	I'm going to take all of my nervous energy and focus it on my new job tomorrow!	0
Well at least my kidneys are ok.. Hate being back at square one though frustrated	I made so many female friends in Marykay's party! It was awesome socializing and meeting new people!	0
I've learned this semester that I get overly stressed once a week, at least. This isn't good.	I need to see what's wrong with me since it's not 5 o'clock and I just want to eat a bowl of ice cream and sleep.	0
I hate when something is bugging me and it puts me in a bad mood toward other people	Even with the debts eating me deeply, I know I can get out of them in little.	0
Kindly do not postpone NEET-2020 further. Try to conduct the exam with precautionary measures like social distancing, masks and hand sanitization. We can go for postponing of the exam in the worst hit states only.dontpostponeNEETandJEE dontpostponeneet	I feel that I am prepared to face the problems that are to come next summer, like the possibility of not having a place to live. But I can’t let something that hasn’t yet happened to get in the way of now.	0
Don't feel good ,pissed,upset and didn't eat nothing all dayand about to go to bed sick abouttofuckabitchup	Thought my assignment is due Friday but it turns out that I was wrong and it's due tomorrow. I have to start now so I can finish that tomorrow.	0
moment when you are too stressed to sleep, and you know you need sleep badly.	I'm so stressed I ate half a box of Girl Scouts cookies. I think I had to go on diet.	0
ok ok ok dude. I'm officially panicky. anxious nervous scared I hate this. I can feel myself starting to freak the f outtt	I haven't done the photography coursework yet, but I know I will get it done by 4.	0
you know it's gonna be a long night when yoga couldn't even relax you alotonthemind thoughts	I am not in a good mood right now, but I am looking forward to chilling out with my friends to get over these mood swings.	0
i feel like all i do is work on homework anymore but i am still always behind woof	I am stressed on all days, but I have the confidence that I can pull through it.	0
When you show more than one animal, then I'll allow you to tell me how hard your life is and how hard you work. dontunderestimate	The website will work soon and Eleri will enter soon, I'm sure of it.	0
To all you kids who have rich parents, you should thank god everyday. Im just a poor college student trying to fund for 3 trips.	I agree when they say that getting a degree is like being unemployed, it's a sad reality.	0
One of the few things getting me through today is that I get to see my baby bear tomorrow	Your act of buying me a drink even after failing in my exams makes me happy. I feel energized.	0
I just want my life back to normal. Not this craziness that sucks! frustrated imbegging	Take care of yourself. Look for help. Life isn't easy, but there are ways for reducing the sorrow.	0
I'm so restless because of the stress of the decision to go blonde or not next weekend. Life is just so rough. HairDye	I must accept that the visit to the park was hampered by the assemblies and extra activities.	0
You're gunna die. Now you're gunna die. OMG you're going to die. You're dead. -me the entire time I watch pretty little liars.	Every decision we make in the next year could completely change our life's course for the better.	0
It's a lay in bed and cuddle up in my blankets and cry kinda night :/ tired	After I finish today, I get to spend time enjoying swinging outside with a good book and a cold drink.	0
Sent into flat spin when T1 son invited to go out on friends boat for the day. 50 minutes notice. To prepare. Geez	Since it's been a month in a half I'm thinking that I need to start to be more open minded in what jobs are avaliable.	0
People wonder why I'm always stressed. Nothing of mine EVER works out as planned. -__-	FML only found out today we writing 2 tests tomorrow. We have to stay up all night, but we can do it.	0
Having a bunch of odd jobs to survive may be my new life as an artist but that doesn't mean I have to like it	At least I did a good deed helping this girl	0
I need to buy presents for a whole bunch of people and being broke kinda sucks.	I am stressed before the trip but at least I will have a trip which is nice.	0
Thought I would get up, watch a bit of tv and relax before the kids get upoh but I can't the sky box is broken	I want to visit somewhere where I can be alone and scream happily.	0
College Students , Are you feeling stressed about FinalsWeek ? Here are some tips that can help you finish strong	I am concerned about my mental health.	0
Wish I knew what you were thinking, where we stand, how you feel, just everything	Even though I have to make some tough decisions, I'm thankful to at least be in this position that I earned.	0
I wish my Microbio professor from the Spring semester would just excuse me from the final I missed and give me a grade.	We don't talk much anymore but I'm sure we'll get together soon and then we can be a couple again.	0
Day got worse as soon as I found out I left my wallet back in Scarborough. I'm out past Peterborough. Smh	I am afraid I have the wrong time for my exam this afternoon, but I know I am right, and I need to trust myself.	0
As if me, fleur and all had nose bleeds tonight in space of a hour of each other. Deffo all stressed!!!!!	In those moments I need to have self-control so I don't panic, be strong when things are not going well.	0
Endless nights of screaming fitsdoesnt want cuddles doesnt want milk!! Seriously cant take much more. 2 weeks n im done in :(	Not a fan of this 10 page research paper but it's gotta get done	0
Just finished running around my house twice like a headless chicken in panic. deadlines gradlife	I have a lot on my mind, but thankfully I'm still able to get a good night's sleep.	0
i'll let you know what happens in PLL its crazy!!! try to chill cause you don't to get	The movie Shallows kept me thinking about what became of that beloved seagull. I think even seagulls are important to life.	0
Been in the bath so long the water is cold. still not getting out. peaceandquiet relaxing	It would be good if you learn to handle things that happen beyond your control.	0
None of my homework's done. Not even Swords. I barely have half of it done	Not looking forward to class tomorrow. I need to remember this feeling and use it to motivate me so I don't procrastinate next time.	0
Whoever is in my life these next 12 weeks, God bless you and I'm sorry for anything I say and every time I lash out.	Migraines are awful but hopefully I can get some good medication for it soon.	0
Everything is hitting me now on top of that I have no idea how I'm gunna pay my insurance an my other bill. stressed out	Even though my morning was bad, I need to have energy so that the rest of my day is good	0
There are two pencils and a pen in my ponytail this morning, and it's only 10 am it's going to be a long day uhoh	There could be better thing for my health.	0
The fact that my lock button quit working <;<;<;<;<;  What else could go wrong? NeedABreak	My boyfriend is in the hospital, in 72 hours I will be able to see him, thank god it wasn't worse	0
Realized how much work I have to do over break plus working to make money oh and I only have 16 days off WTF	Being actually poor has made me realize how well off I was earlier. I hope those days return.	0
Near had a flipping heart attack when the FBI burst into the room . . . Criminal minds!!!!	I have like over 5 things due, and they are all within 2 or 3 days, so I need to use this as an opportunity to plan my time effectively	0
Laying in bed, rolled up in a ball, pillow pet in hand, music blasting on twitter after a long painful day..	Not much sleep lately because of schoolwork. But I'm glad I'm trying hard.	0
i want to pack my cat up and get the fuck out of here stuck why did i ever decide to stay in michigan.	Can't wait to go to work for 12 hours for my kids.	0
Let's hope the strategy of going to bed early helps me tomorrow sick sad exams	We just have a little bit more in the game and I'm sure my guys will pull it out!	0
About to miss our flight! 3 lanes M1 closed! Flight leaves at 3pm - hold the check-in please	Although I don't want school to end, I know that I need it.	0
Co-worker is leaving for the day because she is sick. My boss returns tomorrow. Can this day be over yet?	I now know to never cut my own hair when I should have been studying.	0
Only just got home from last night and I've got to pack and go to Manchester in a few hours	I hope I get to go home before my phone switches off.	0
I am hard headed and hard working. I got rough hands and a worn body. But if u take a chance on me, I'll give u all of me. tired	My kid may drive me crazy, but I couldn't live without him.	0
I feel like ill probably black out dying my test today And just forget everything.	Sorry that I may not be able to watch your twitcam this time as I hae tons of things to do and I really could use your good luck, but not to worry, I'll make sure to make up for it after I am done.	0
Whenever I don't do work it makes me feel like I'm gonna fail my exams just cos I'm watching YouTube	I had a dream that I did not receive assistance when choking, but I am thankful that I know how to use the Heimlich maneuver on myself in real life.	0
If I don't kill someone before the end of 2014 they should give Gary Barlows OBE to me!!!	I would like the French language to play on a loop in my head like songs sometimes do.	0
I hope my guessing skills will be working in my favor today for this chemistry final	Due to power failure today at the restaurant, everyone got a candle lit dinner for no extra cost.	0
I hate that when I close my eyes to sleep a billion and two things run through my mind sleepy	Video games can help with improving reflexes so that's good that I dedicate time to playing.	0
Preparing for my future and trying to live in the moment just seems like such a hard thing to balance.	Expecting October 3rd and making such an effort to live this present.	0
Trying to work with a baby round your feet is challenging add to that a nine year old and its impossible halfterm	I took harder classes, so I need to work more, but I'm glad I am challenging myself, so I grow more academically.	0
Just need to get through the school day and hopefully this horrible week will be over. Ready to be with my friends tonight.	Losing things is normal for people so it can happen to me too.	0
Why must I have so much homework.. I need hours, and this is so difficult. money grades	Spending my days buried under my books will benefit me in the long run	0
Today is the first day in like several weeks where I have just generally been in a bad mood. Hurry up, Friday!	I would love to replace my phone with a brand new one!	0
I was hoping everything was about to slow down but no.. I have a billion different things to think and worry about.	I can't wait to have my baby, at least I know to only watch positive things about becoming a mother.	0
Being in this new apartment right now alone is very eerie. It definately does not feel like home yet :(	My boyfriend made me mad but most of the time he is a really great person.	0
All I wana do is sit down for ten minutes and not worry about a single damn thing.	My head is hurting a lot, so glad that there are painkillers that help a lot with migraines	0
I've had such a bad day.. Therefore I'm gonna hit the bowl and pass tf out.	I have to learn from my mistakes in today's presentation so that I can improve next time	0
When your so heart broken and depressed and can't do anything about it. When there's just so much on your mind and all the negativity just keeps going and going.	Motivating others to do their best work	0
After the last two days I really just want to curl up and watch a stupid movie	I had an amazing dream about getting a big role on broadway maybe it will come true.	0
For some strange reason, I am craving for the taste of plastic balloon childhood ???	I am not the usual person to get often stressed, but now I am not in high spirits.	0
Fortune: "It is better to get something done late then never." LOL sounds like the plan for tonight knowmesowell procrastination	Even though I didn't sleep well and I have a lot of things in mind I know I will feel better since I am a strong person.	0
I don't smoke but seriously I need a hookah hit or something every shift! This will cause me to smoke ciggs wontgivein	I just hope the professor will not fail me with 17 days of my college carreer left.	0
I'm so sick of not having anyone to fall back on when I'm losing myself. lost	I had to grow up faster, so I am much more mature anat 18 than others.	0
When , I find it helps to talk it out and not isolate yourself. Withdrawing and bottling things up can make it worse.	I believe have the much-needed energy to complete the two 3000-word essays	0
I have so many papers to write in such little time And I have so much on my mind notime	I am strong enough to get through this.	0
When it's not even the morning yet and you know it's gonna be a struggle getting out of bed tired	I can understand how you feel, but I hope not to overthink things again.	0
I need carrot sticks now or else I'll be forced to munch on chocolates again. derpressed and " 5sos obsessed	Wants to enjoy Christmas day and April days in-between those days I have to work hard.	0
Feeling stressed? Take action: do something to boost your positivity. Keep it simple: nature, movement, anything that gets you smiling!	I'm going to pack everything early and re-check just to make sure I don't forget anything.	0
Can you either shut the door, or open it wide.. Not leave it somewhere in between ugghhhhhhh	Rest is important to me; I'm going to power nap then study hard for my test tomorrow.	0
Everyone says how there sport is a stress reliever. I wish I could say the same about tumbling frustrated	I know that I will continue to live and learn.	0
Feeling stressed? Get outside and take a walk around the park! Being in a natural environment helps reduce stress and recharge the brain	I'm sure that If I keep trying, all of this hard work will pay off!	0
Stats Quiz, TTOM Quiz and Tour Planning defence. Ahhh! Seriously cannot wait for this day to be over.	I will stop trying several times and check what the problem is, whether it is the wifi or my emails are trying to tell me something.	0
That shitty moment when you realize any little thing that happens makes you wanna explode.	Yesterday was not easy for my sister but we are here for her and we will help her in her recovery.	0
Media coursework..WHYYY~!!?? Seriously you can just go die in a hole I can't do it anymore >;3<; tired	Can't wait for spring break this Friday, so I can rest	0
I used to run basketball rec games at mizzou. We used to play the baseball players. 6'3 and over. I used to get so frustrated because bro why are yall here?!?! I'm just tryna hoop and here I am worried about getting dunked on	I hope the companies improve their service so that I do not spend too much time complaining about them in the days ahead.	0
How do you cut someone's how's from 4 days to 2 and still expect them to do the same amount of work?!?	The world is changing quickly, but it is something that I know I can handle.	0
Less than an hour till my birthday and I'm not even happy let a loan excited	It is difficult to choose partners in class when there are no friends. But I hope to get a good friend soon.	0
Some people say god gives us obstacles that are not impossible. Sometimes that is hard to believe. Worried	After I am done studying for these four finals, I can finally rest.	0
My mom's serious food issues + tendencies similar to a certain eating disorder all these months R driving me MAD	I can't help doing what I have to do just to wait for other people. This will harm me.	0
What do I do if I have to keep studying but have already studied for 10 hours  tired	I hope I am in a better frame of mind soon and look forward to more productive days.	0
STILL NO CODE?!?!?! BUT MY FRIENDS WHO PLAYED THE GAME FOR THE FIRST TIME LAST MONTH ARE ALREADY PLAYING?	I am quite skilled in styling so I will look great on Halloween.	0
My family admiring my ambition and I'm here like: let's not talk about that rn, that ambition is Getting me in trouble	In spite of everything, your memory can still make me happy.	0
I got 99 problems and literally every single one of them has to do with school.	My friends will do a great job taking care of our apartment!	0
Swear I've went in every shop and there's no nice jackets or some one already has it	To each person who stated senior 12 months is the easiest, thank you for lying. I don't like you.	0
I'm freaking out over my grades. I got 100% on a homework assignment, but it's in the grade book as 18%. I just sent a second email to the teacher about it, so it should get fixed? But holy cow, I am .	The members of my group have to learn to work together so that we can have a successful psychology presentation.	0
if anyone ever tells u that taking a web design class is fun. think twice b4 saying yes. just saying	Need some extra love and kindness today	0
Very stressed out about a a project that is 280 points! So stressed! So confused!	I will get assistance on how to register my classes, that way I will be able to do it by myself next time.	0
Fuller showing the Niners secondary how to actually catch the ball when it hits the hands.	Cameron forgot his stroller.  The stroller is an older model with no theme.	0
Actually excited to go to the gym today so i can let some anger out SO DAMN	I studied and took notes all night, I'm working hard and that's good.	0
Just finished getting my diagnostic mammogram and waiting on radiology to review before moving onto the ultrasound exam. Anxious AF. scanxiety pleasenocancer radiology	I am thankful that people take the time to notice how much effort I've put into improving. It was a lot of work, and I'm proud of myself.	0
I looked on the syllabus and noticed that the midterm exam for Legal Systems is on March 12, 2013. I also have 2 quizes on Friday.	I know I can't be phased out this week. Midterms will be a walk in the park.	0
really wish i got paid for being a PA sometimes!Extra pressure is not needed Im already really feeling the pressure of my work atm	The human condition is hilarious. I was missing the kids when they were at the school but now I'm missing the hours ago when they weren't home.	0
I have way to much work to ddo.. and works just cutting into my time	God will be with me to do my work, because I have a lot of work.	0
I graduate in a little over four months and I have no idea what I'm doing with my life.	After all this stress I know that I will fall from exhaustion and rest for hours, and I will finally be fine.	0
Pushing myself to do well in my classes- even if that means I'm a nerd all semester. Worked too hard for this.	I am happy that I am a carefree girl who dresses well in the last two weeks without any stress.	0
hobby= No girlfriend= Lonely best friend= Alone Have job= Yes BUT no salary journey= Like a tree Live in iran Favorite job= Hate job Love= No Enjoy life= Bored Life goal= Suicide Fuck my life= Yes Happiness=	I have a tuff choice to make, at least it will show me how to think about these decisions.	0
I'm so sick of getting the short end of the stick because I'm too nice. peoplepleaser frustrated	Next week is going to be the hardest set of final exams I have ever taken. I have to study for it productively	0
Wondering if the Cats are playing psychological warfare-not playing well at start to give false sense of hope to opponent. BBN	Working hard and getting nothing in return is difficult, but I'm ready for the challenge. I won't give up.	0
If only my studies of cognitive therapy could help to identify and overcome my difficulty with studying for this stupid exam!	Sometimes I get panic attacks over the smallest things, this is bad but I know that it will get better with time.	0
are a shambles. Couldnt fix a fucking 4 piece jigsaw. Hope they enjoyed robbing me blind for months, can fuck right off now	I don't understand the finance part of the business course at all, need to focus and get learning	0
It's getting hard to get anything done while being pulled in 6 different directions at the same time.	Hi, my BOI 365 seems to be blocked. Just wondered is this just my account or is there general technical problems? Thank you in advance	0
Are you fucken kidding me ! Start my whole inter fourth paper all over again I don't think soo Annoyed tired	The last week of school is really hard but I am working hard so I can do it.	0
The fact that we both pushed each other this far and it's now over <;<;<;<; WTF	I hope a good night's sleep will help me understand World War One better.	0
God why do I have to have all this work? I am soo stressed out :( overschool I thought your senior year was supposed to be easy..	I'm thankful for this past weekend, it was fun and gave me the energy to go through this week with a smile on my face.	0
so usual im packing last minute n realise i have about 25 bikinis and 15 pairs of shoes. sh*t !!!	My boyfriend will call me more after I talk to him about it.	0
Came home to over $100 in groceries spoiled Guys, I don't know how much more I can handle without breaking.	I will try to pay this money back as soon as possible.	0
Going under the radar for a bit. In a funk. Ain't nobody got time for this. annoyed	It would be better if you clean your mouth.	0
To say the gym is calling my name is an understatement The gym is Screaming for me anxious	I wish I were going on a minivacation, but I am doing important things right now.	0
I don't know what to do anymore. :(( this is sooo stressful :/ and your not helping at all :/ Ugh	Gotta reduce my energy drink consumption so I can concentrate and better prepare for exams over the next few weeks.	0
Horrible day. Guttering on the building overflowed and water seeped into the roof and soaked the ceilings :(	I got everything I need written down, now I just have to edit it down to the right length.	0
I swear to God Im switching to I hate with a passion my service has never worked since I got it  bull	I am going to be more positive from now and on.	0
Being on countdown until the shop opens so i can buy fags just shows how pathetic my life is.	After playing volleyball for two hours and then also dancing for two hours it's normal to feel exhausted and thus have no motivation left.	0
Seriously have no idea how I am going to make it through this week. My list of things just keeps growing. sendhelp	It always gets better, even if things are hard now I know they will be great soon.	0
All I want to do is break down and just stay broken and let you fix the pieces. .. about ready to give up	Figuring out what I want to do in life is ofcourse difficult, but one can learn it in course of time.	0
Three MUN papers plus a massive pile of homework. I'm so bloody stressed out, I don't even know what to do or even where to begin.	The beauty of medicine is that part of the body is unique and has its own name	0
inhale, exhale. repeat 1000000000000x. i had enough of everything bad since monday. wednesday, don't add up.	I did my best and I know I'll get a good grade	0
Seriously don't know whether to go to Hofstra with 11,000 dollars a year scholarship to a 40,000+ dollars tuition or OCC.	I am quite certain of what I want to do in life or at uni!	0
I'm such a stress eater. I just snacked myself into a stomach ache. Sad part I knew I was doing it.	This is a good opportunity to find something new to help me de-stress today.	0
I think molecular cell will be the subject that changes my mind about being a bio major.	I need to start working earlier on my homework assignments in order to submit the same on time.	0
This graduating early thing is going to be the death of me. Extra Classes, extra homework, less sleep	I feel bad about losing things but I hope to find them soon.	0
In high school every decision you make takes you closer to or farther from your goals Scary	I am very proud of myself for my growth.	0
The moment I realize that I have to make some pretty tough decisions dontwanto stressed gottadowhatihavetodo :(	Have had a headache for 2 days hurts so bad I've puked. Nothing is helping maybe my brain is about to explode. At least I don't have to go in to work.	0
My hair brush snapped in half this morning. I wish I wouldve known it was foreshadowing my entire day and depressed	As people don't realize my hard work, it would be better if you work with me. But I am happy that I have been able to work hard.	0
Half wishing someone would just tell me what to do with the rest of my life so I didn't have to decide for myself	Thursday makes me want to just scream when I think about that.	0
Smoking a j, and having a coffee. This is the only way to cope with things right now. confused	It makes me feel grateful that there are people who care about me as I travel on the freeway.	0
& for the first time in a very long time I am NOT looking forward to the weekend -__ - can time just pause for a few days??	It would be lovely to have a spa day soon to pamper myself.	0
I'm so tired but don't want to sleep. Dreading the sunrise is the peak of my anxiety right now depression anxietydisorder. Nightsky sleeping	I am grateful that my partner is still alive after spending 6 stressful hours in the ER.	0
Can things just go right for once? I mean it's like one step forward and 5 steps back	I feel like I'm going to fail this AP chemistry test. So I got to study really hard to pass.	0
Brew and biscuits. :( I will never be able to diet as long as i live here!	When I speak with people and decide to meet later, I need to be more clear so that I'm not left wondering when to meet.	0
Am I the only student who has a hard time figuring out what major I want? I mean wtf. There are so many degrees idk what I want to be, yet time is ticking	I am going to do much better since I took a social media break and heard some John Mayer.	0
got this random number in my phone book it's annoying me, I WANT TO KNOW WHO YOU ARE!	Just smile, take a deep breath and cheer up! Things will be fine soon.	0
My mom is so lazy and mean all she does is sleep all day acting like I don't do anything.	I just need to give my life some thought and I'll be able to know what I want to do.	0
literally 2 days out of dreamhack and something messes up on my comp :/ I dont have time for thisssssss	My bedroom is such a mess. I think it's time to give it new style.	0
Sleep has refused to com" : tired hungry bordered cant thought u were going to bed	I should change myself.	0
i know God has a plan for me, but i'm terribly afraid of failing Him and even myself. deepthoughts	I am going to relocate and discontinue my education.	0
Can anyone explain, the definition of trust? Plz i just cant handle it no more? Help	I work so hard and I am doing medicine which is incredible, I'm doing fab.	0
I seriously can't handle this today. Or this week. This birthday is gonna suck. upset	I have lots of work to do, but I also have a lot of confidence in myself to handle it all.	0
AND NOW I HAVE TO DO A DAMN PROJECT WTF I HATE MY LIFE I HAVE TIME FOR ABSOLUTELY NOTHING	Thankfully, I was able to give evidence in court about my attack. Hopefully it gets the guy put away for a while.	0
annoyed Trying to avoid a breakdown, meds get revamped in 2 wks. Thankful my mommy came to stay with me.	I don't know what I'm going to do with my life but I'm graduating in a few months which is nice!	0
Working on classes, stuff for tournament coming up, the DI team is writing their story, cleaning and laundry. MamaNeedsCoffee and SendHelp Autism KeepOnRolling cleaning adulting college student	I have reached 5 pages, 1500 words and 4 sources in less than 25 hours!	0
I literally spent half an hour searching for my wallet for it to be in my pocket the whole time. It is one of those mornings !	Just need to get these projects done, then I can relax and go on my trip.	0
I'm just waiting for the day my mind and body give up and shut down on me. exhausted physically&men	I do have a mess to clean up but it shouldn't take me too long to get everything spic and span again.	0
Musical play for Art Appreciation subject. Stage play din sa Sociology, Research paper for English 2, Thesis for Filipino. :(	I accidently followed all on Instagram but it will be interesting since I will discover new people.	0
that feeling when you wake up an your like.. "Damn! I should of went to school!" stupid sicktho	Avoiding thoughts of exams is somewhat a tough job, but the forthcoming vacation lifts my spirits up.	0
No place to go for my first week of work experience :-( " Any takers? Creche Dublin Northside??	Sometimes determination and drive is all you need.	0
I hate people who bang&abuse pills. Fuck sick of helping people when they say need it, but doesn't want it sickofit sadtweet :(	My phone's going crazy. I have many friends calling me.	0
This is my last week at home. I have so much to do before I leave and only 4 days to do it in. Hate packing.	My friend did something bad.  I need to take a few days to let things settle down, and then I'll contact her again.	0
Is it so hard to say sorry? To explain why? It's so easy when you care but if you don't care it is the most difficult thing to do.	The end of the school year is almost here, just a bit more work, and I'll be free!	0
I'm now regretting my decision to pick up extra hours this week at work.. So much to do, so little time.	I am eagerly awaiting to finish class, drive home and get some good sleep.	0
in sanity yeah ill be there soon stressed i told you earlier ima get there lol	The next few weeks are going to be really hard but I know that I will grow from them.	0
Yelled at the kids today for being extra silly while trying to work (working from home). But then I felt awful and regretted it. This isnt their fault. Theyre kids and theyre getting stir-crazy but this isnt their fault. I have to remember that. COVID19 StayAtHome	Hey Soph I hope your Uni dissertation went well! Cant wait to catch up soon x	0
Lots of words too little time - I feel a lack of sleep coming on	Despite the situation, I can think of some good things about being at my brother's house	0
i dont want to go back to res; i wanna stay home ! sick schoolsucks cant wait for this week to be over stressed .	Today, the morning is rought but I will take a coffee and everything will get better.	0
Running around like a mad woman trying to get ready for the next two weeks!	I'm thankful I get to sleep before doing more studying.	0
Being 18 is going to turn me into an alcoholic - I need to go to the pub	I'm not confident about my math test, getting a D on the quiz past backed, wasn't encouraging. But I'm a resilient person, so I have to trust myself and get it done.	0
Why is writing a cover letter sooo difficult for me?! I can whip out a 30 page paper in a day, but am struggling on a 1 page CL	I don't have the stability I wanted. I need to listen to advice.	0
3 steps forward then 10 steps back, yeah today was just not a good day	I'm happy with my Saturday: writing articles all day. Clean room. Make random recipes from Pinterest. Write the hypotheses for all research and write the final article.	0
But seriously what the hell do I do about prom " I feel ya	I really don't know you, but your actions aren't very nice.	0
i cannot wait till these godforsaken exams are OVER! just wana sleep.. and go to the cinema and do nothing	I feel horrible right now. Hopefully the feeling passes soon.	0
what a wonderful parents i have. Like to test my patience to the extent that i get a bad headache and get me angered to the max..	Kids are asleep so it's time to study! The test is tonight, and I don't feel ready right now, but I can learn fast and I'll do great!	0
When you find out your paper is due today and you thought it was due Thursday <;<;	I understand how hard it is to be incommunicado for not having a phone, but sometimes I appreciate the calm I can have of being alone.	0
For some odd reason I just wanna be alone and sleep for a fue days.	I need a massage and my therapist is out of town. I hope to find another one.	0
too much coffee now I can't sleep, jus walking up and down the passage :(	My husband is far away now, but at least it's not permanent.	0
Only 7 1/2 more days I tell myself as I rip out my hair. stressed	No procrastination! I'll get up and put on my sleepwear!	0
Yeah, ill go to my game at 5:30 and my practice from 7:30 to 9:30 that is an hour away and find time to do my homework	I've never liked packing, especially when going to a wedding, but I can still thank you for being able to travel!	0
It annoys me when 1 child cannot get what they want so they annoy the other! Seriously! I've enough on today, I don't need it!	I'm sick, so I can't even get my English done... But I'll put an ice pack on my head, sleep, and soon I'll be better.	0
That EXTREMELY AWKWARD MOMENT when your roommate is having sex and the apartment walls are really thin	You need more than 2 hours of sleep before a trip down the M67 or an interview.	0
Seriously considering moving back to Ontario just to go to school like manitoba your post secondary SUCKS	I'm so thankfull and relieved that I finished all my task, now I can focus on study for my test.	0
Classes, gym, then napping forever. What a long week:( and I still have so much work to complete.	The next 48 hours I'm going to be super busy getting everything done, but after that I get to chill.	0
To poop and be late for class, or to hold it in and be tortured during class but show up on time, that is the question	I love the work that I do, and this month will be giving me a lot of it.	0
There isn't enough time in my life to do all the things I need to do!!! stressed	People get old and that's just part of life of being human.	0
Leaving work at ten to six on a Friday is not my idea of fun  then being stuck behind a slow ass driver all the way home	I'm tired from studying, and I broke my rule for cramming before finals. But I have to be strong, keep going, and in the end everything will be fine.	0
I hate when I wake up with anxiety. With so many unknowns about events. Work seems to be getting further and further away from me. I miss everyone!!! Hopefully the tattoo expos happen in May.	Fun time with the daughter and now I can drink and wind down	0
Working a full time job and taking 13 credits online was the worst decision of my life!!	Hate when I can't sleep because so many things are running through my mind I have to stop it.	0
I need a blowjob or a cigarette; whichever one is cheapest and least likely to leave me needing future medical attention.	Learning sometimes can be hard but it's normal since it's not supposed to be an easy process.	0
Reality really hit me hard today when we got our PINs to apply to university	it will be difficult to endure the day because I slept only two more hours, but I know that I am able to endure.	0
Just had a nightmare that I died in a car accident. What the hell is going on with my head right now Sad	Im so happy to be starting online school, just need to wait for my books to arrive now.	0
Getting my degree in marketing is going to kill me yetThis is why 30 year olds shouldn't go to college.	It will be a challenge that I will have to overcome if I want to find a good home in this city. Despite not knowing anything, I know that I am capable.	0
Ugh im gettin sick of these anxiety attacks already I wish I could sleep at night:0	It is necessary to stop thinking about the problems and the mind to be able to go back to sleep	0
Can today be over please Im exhausted and frustrated frustrated annoyed tired IWantToSleep ItsHotOut depressed	It's high time I learn to focus on ways to relax myself when stressed, to keep killer-headaches at bay.	0
This is what my life feels like right now. rain pouring storms sad RIPfriend badday stressed	I hope my guests come on time to eat and go to the duck race in the village at 2 p.m.	0
Congratulated you yesterday on punctuality. 2day yr bookings website is dire! 5 attempts to book no seat booking.	The train is late plus the women next to me is breathing heavy, but I'm not in a hurry, and I'll just ignore the noises.	0
Need to finish Dissertation blehhhhh role on 4pm so i can forget this horrible experience lol uni	I am really proud of myself for staying cool whilst feeling not my best.	0
Need the rain chances to go away for our wedding day and the tropical storm chances to go away for our honeymoon. Too much to ask?!	I'm pretty upset right now but tomorrow is a new day.	0
So stressed you could scream? This simple strategy can take you from panic to peace in a single phrase".	The good thing about having a difficult day is that it is proportional to the learning.	0
Taking it a day at a time because if I look at the whole length of time I have to do this I would probably break down	I believe I am not very familiar with law as I am having difficulty understanding even what I am saying.	0
Gosh I'm so behind on my homework :/ really gotta get all this crap done tonight	I have plans to get a massage after the lockdown is over and I know I will enjoy it more since I have been waiting for it.	0
I've spent 87 hours in class/studying the past 7 days. When the hell is it going to be Thursday?	Wanting and doesn't want the end of the semester at the same time is an unfamiliar ambivalence. However, the end is independent of our wishes.	0
I'll tell you what, the end of the month is not a good time for anyone in auto sales to be making life decisions	I'll need to find someone to cut the grass for me or plan better so that my converse is not green and fletch won't scream at me for sweating.	0
I haven't even started school yet and I'm stressed to the max and I want to give up on everything.	I hope to have an early start to Monday so that I can complete my tasks for the week quickly.	0
I try to hold my tears in, but I let them slip out <;|3 :( disappointed tears I'm stronger than this. and I know it.	The fact that I get notifications about almost using all of my data already it means I have to spend less time on internet.	0
There's there people out side saying its snowing like wtf it has been for the last 10 hours fucking retards	The sudden urge to go out for a run is awesome! I wish it wasn't rare.	0
Why is it that when one thing goes wrong, a million things start to get bad? confused	Only a matter of time, I will soon get booked and actually be able to use my talent as a dj!	0
I just checked my metaphorical Magic 8-ball and it told me the outlook is not so good for the rest of February. Can it be March yet?	Lots of hospital and physio appointments this week. Getting my hearing aids fitted too. I feel so thankful that I'm able to pay for my treatments!	0
Seriously there's gotta be a limit to the amount of bad news I can get in two days. lifehatesme	This week was very busy, but everything went well, next week will be satisfactory.	0
Had the worst day ever at work and now gotta work Saturday as well as do hubby's accounts,ironing,housework and hols shopping ahhhh	I just saw a lady enjoying a bottle of vodka	0
been so and i keep making silly mistakes like realizing i left my wallet aka my drivers license at home	Studying for a World Lit 2 test hope I get good marks.	0
Tough week so far. I feel drained and my body is aching. Not feeling so Christmassy right now gettingold	I've worked on my isu all weekend that I haven't done any other of my homework. On the bright side I made good progress and will be done with it sooner.	0
This morning I got a bloody nose and got blood all over my pj's. Now tonight I am having a mental breakdown and can't get over it	Time to learn how to organize, so that way I don't miss any more tests or quizzes.	0
First time biting off my nails in over 2 years, wtf do I have done to myself now ExamsAreHell	I’ve had a long waiting and hope to get some sleep soon.	0
I hate having so much on my mind. I wish I had redo button right now.	Since I feel unwanted I'm going to go out and find some new friends who will appreciate me.	0
5 unit finals the next two weeks and 3 midterms and 2 finals in the two weeks after is not my idea of "easing back into it	I will stay positive and keep hope for my college acceptance.	0
My charger broke, I losty weekly bus pass, my phone bill is priced wrong I have no time to call tmobile bc working 2 jobs wtf	This is a new opportunity to learn how to use android!	0
Why did i feel like it was acceptable to do no revision yesterday for my exam today	College is tough, but I won’t let you suck out my sleep!!	0
Settled for cereal. Now it's so crunchy that I can't hear the movie I'm watching.	Maybe it's time to grow up a bit and not be so ridiculous.  People will pay more attention to someone who is more grown up.	0
I always try to help people who are feeling sad, down or upset. How come I can't get the same in return?	Some relationships are not meant to be, and it is best that I move on.	0
That mixed feeling when your relieved to be done with your final paper, but nervous that it's not good enough	I've been very optimist about my final exam even though I'm nervous	0
I need an off switch for my brain and some nyquil to make it thru this night. exhausted	Statistics made me feel like an idiot so if I keep at it, I will figure it out.	0
Got early release from school 3 days in a row and i still never started hw	Time to learn to make a choice and stick to it!	0
I might be the only person I know who makes such simple decisions extremely difficult to make	Right now, I feel very stressed, and wanted to give up on things. But I'm resilient, and I know I can get over it all.	0
No car , no job , failing a iba already . Wtf am I gunna do ?	I can't wait for Sunday so that I can enjoy a day of peace and quiet at home.	0
I'm not to be dealing with any of this yet.. Like seriously inside I'm just panicking and freaking out.	I have to finish work as soon as possible so, I can be stressfree.	0
Classes. Academic advising. Office hours. Paper due at 5 pm. Sign up for surf trip. Applications. Help out with cooking at Grace.	What is happening is amazing? They need to try harder and I know they will.	0
Myy Head Is Hurting ,, And I Still Have So Much To Before I lay Down And Go To Bed : (	I need to study more. I still don't feel ready for my exam in 3 weeks.	0
A few drinks is definatly in order this weekend..when I say a few I mean I don't wanna remember my name at the end of the night	Time to learn not to bother myself with any form of drama.	0
Cheers to the first time seeing my ex/father of my baby since we broke up in court for something I didn't want.	Going to have to get through school today without sleep. I'll be looking forward to a nap afterward.	0
Always hate when people are yelling questions at each other before an exam, just want some silence	6 prison's have been closed down but this difficult time for people visiting will be sorted out soon I'm sure.	0
Was late dropping Gus off which gave me 10minutes to get changed and leave and the bus I'm on was 10 mins late! Arugh!	Looking at my class schedule, I have a very challenging year ahead of me. I'll get through it with discipline and self-care though, and be proud of what I have achieved.	0
the new next door neighbours are driving me crazy already, wish they would stfu or move back out noisey	I am getting prepared and ready to study when the assignments at my university come.	0
That feeling when you realize it is the day of an exam, and you havent studied for it yet.	I don't know which is more important - the PIP or the Trials - and I'm stuck in between. But I know I've got to give it my best shot and get through!	0
Two tests, a speech, a paper, and two finals then I'm finally done with the semester. I hope I can make it..	I would love to get out of my current situation so that I don't have to meet some people every day.	0
All I want to do this weekend is stay home and study, instead I'm working. Feeling anxious about exams.	I seriously just want to be done. Others things or not in my control.	0
Its hard,all under me as their leader. Anything goes wrong im to blame. + the drama	I have a lot of things to do before I leave for Winona but I can't wait.	0
Can't wait to relieve my anger at cheer, some hard work will be taking place tonight haha	I stayed in one place for five hours but now I am free so I can enjoy it.	0
Why must our teachers try to cram a whole semester in the last two weeks before exams?	I'm so lucky that I made it t the airport in time, but I'll know to leave earlier next time as it was a close call.	0
It's really hard to focus on studying when I have real things that actually affect my life to worry about	Had she been nicer to me, I would have continued being great friends with her.	0
Choreographing and placing without the people in your group is hard as hell I don't recommend it and I hate this so much. >;.<;	I hope the efforts I have put into studying English will allow me to pass the exams.	0
having a stressful day; almost getting into numerous accidents on the way to the dr; no parking at the dr making me late; my appt became a mini therapy session.	I am eagerly awaiting to visit the gym and hear songs to my heart’s content.	0
The fact that I am still at work and I have the ACT tomorrow<;<;<; tired	Im going to get stated on that extra credit so I can pass my class.	0
Why not ask mom how is she doing when baby it's sick The Mom Still Matter .out	If it's bad today, I need to learn it as a lesson. I have three tests today and have not studied anything. I need to be more responsible and keep my commitments or go bad in tests will become routine.	0
December - Accident and 2 flat tyre- car is now in for Panelbeating, in the meantime I borrowed my bros, his clutch kit was worn and left me hanging on the highway late at night Januworry is going into Februworry	After a long time I am in a good mood.	0
If I get through today without being a total lunatic and crying my face off, I will consider it a victory	I had a challenging night, but reading will help me relax. I know that this sad time will be short, and I will feel all better tomorrow afternoon.	0
is THE WORST! Ive been a customer for 30 years but Im switching banks ASAP! poorcustomerservice difficult	I've created multiple tools like colorful posters, example questions, recorded myself reading questions and answers that I can review everywhere, I'm ready to pass this exam!	0
Left my bag at work, I'm a right thick twat, no tobacco until tomorrow now -.-	Having work email on my cell phone helps me to be more aware of my appointments, the only problem and the large amount of emails that arrive at any time of the day.	0
I'm seriously almost just done with men. I'm thinking I have my son and that's all I need ! lost	I think I may have just completed studying for the remainder of finals week. I have to spend some time in entertainment things.	0
giving up on this coursework for tonight before i go insane, carry on tomorrow with a fresh mind!	People being busy because of school might keep them far away but they will get educated so that's good.	0
I finna Give Up But looking at the improvement I have made it changes my mind set stressed help	I would love to be done with the weekend so that I can get some peace of mind and rest during the weekday when I work one job a day.	0
Phone off, headphones in, files out.. only thing missing is motivation.. 2000 words to go before i can have a drink	UCR classes start, and still have to go to chaffey for soccer and class. I'm glad to have much activities that will keep me active this week.	0
homie u see this shyt on my page shyt not even twitter anymore smh :(	My math teacher is upset. I should say something nice to her to make her feel better.	0
I need to come up with 6 different desserts by the end of this month.	This week one or more things have gone wrong everyday, and I feel like it's a bad karma, but it's actually just life. These things happen to everyone.	0
Wish I had a rewind button. Keyed in all the commissions using the wrong item code.	I will go dancing to shake the things off and that will be good for me.	0
Waiting until the last minute to write my reflections for my personal finance portfolio was a bad idea..	I hope I didn’t have a back problem, so that I can take a 10-miler without any pain.	0
Haven't been this stressed in a loooooong time why does $$$ have to make the world go round?!?	Today was a tough morning, no doubt. That's why I'm really looking forward to visiting the church, and watching a new episode of Tonight by the end of the day:)	0
And the meltdown starts because I know I'm going to fail my DECA test tomorrow	I am not satisfied with my relationship with my manager. I value respect, and I know that I can work toward mutual respect.	0
Gettin a foot massage tonight with my valentines day present! pedi relax letloose stressed massage	Life has been so challenging lately! But the chaos can't last forever.	0
What a long day today, felt like prison being in that room for 5 hours drag	I am a bit irritated about searching for my misplaced license, but I am praying to find it soon.	0
Long day, random stress, messed up shoulder, gym day.now time to watch Lone Survivor LongDay StillNeedSleep	Spending time with our beloved one brings peace.	0
I hate being sick when I have school, I get behind and have to learn the old material and new material as soon as I get back	I have a lot to say and sometimes need to shorten my essays because I am so full of ideas!	0
why is the psych comprehensive exam a thing at k? It's unfair to test people over an entire discipline.	I am going to enjoy hearing songs and eating my foods.	0
The fact that I'm contemplating skipping our senior trip is making me undoubtedly hate this year more than any year in my life.	I am fortunate that I don't breathe too loudly in my sleep beause I know this is an issue for others.	0
My contract with my Talent Management ends in a few months and I don't have a plan.	Haven't had any news about my sister in hospital but I know she will be okay.	0
My brother-in-law has his 1st baby on the and he's mown the yard 3 times in less than 24 hours	Despite the distance, I know I will be with my friends and family soon.	0
I wonder if it will hurt if I walk out into the cold and not walk back. sad	Being sometimes moody helps drain all the stuck feelings until I let myself breathe in peace.	0
Trying to plan my buddies 21st bday present is proving harder than I first thought!	They must not be ready to text me, yet. I'm going to get some needed sleep.	0
my arms are too long and look awkward in pics, what does one do in this situation	I already had 2 tests and a quiz while also having a lab test tomorrow but I will be able to go through it since I am a strong person.	0
Can I please just go one day without a mental breakdown? Thanks. Maybe if I stop making dumb decisions too. anxiety depression fml	Looking forward to a relaxing spa day to reward myself for finishing my university coursework.	0
help needed! Is it possible to park in Manchester for next Sunday's half marathon UKRunChat	I'm glad I have the chance to have a night to myself to just relax.	0
Someone PLEASE go and get me a maltesers icecream lolly and bring it back to me! I will love you forever!	I have had a difficult few days but I know that I will feel better after a few days rest.	0
Tears are welling up in my eyes im not kidding I cant do this research paper crying	I think I need to work hard to gain back control of my life, I can do.	0
I better wake up in a better mood than I'm in right now. angry bored sad depressed	When you're tired don't let it get you down try to push through it.	0
Hi Meg, Just sent a support ticket to Lulu about an error on a recent order. Wondering how long a response will take?	Recognizing that stopping complaining is a good thing is rewarding	0
Im in one room and he's in the other why does it feel like ur miles away even though ur down the hallway	I hope Mark has a great time in London, I only wish him well!	0
This week and next week I have 2 finals, one exam and a quiz. Please excuse me while I cry in a corner	Even though I have a lot of work today, I am thankful I was able to get away for a while.	0
When are you going to shape up It's getting annoying and makes things quite stressful at timeswhen it doesn't need to be!!	The masters assignments are really hard, but at least I'm getting progressively closer to my masters while studying in the library.	0
My flatmates expressed they were sad at the idea of me leaving at the end of the year and said they'd cry  blessed never lol	I am going to try to make choices that make me happy.	0
So stressed that I just rubbed Vicks vapour rub all over my face instead of face cream, and now I cant see. Send help! vicks stress	I can't sleep because the Hayward decision is looming, and will make or break the Jazz. But I'll just take a sleeping pill, and stop worrying about what's to come.	0
Note to self: get the tram to work during rush hour otherwise you'll get stressed. fuck	I hope I get to start watching Grey's Anatomy soon.	0
Me school talked politics NON-STOP today!  Me History Teacher didn't want 2 come 2 school 2day! That's how bad this election was.	This week will not be the best, but I hope that next year will bring better weeks.	0
She's now knocked the sat nav after I have spent 5 mins trying to work out how to use it. And it's sending us home goodlord	From now on, I've decided to focus on my studies and make it through college.	0
I thought coming home would give me a chance to be relaxed and be stress-free. Boy was I wrong aggravated	Medical terminology is challenging, but this is an opportunity to learn new words.	0
Feeling at work? Take a few minutes and breathe deeply. This stimulates the parasympathetic reaction, which helps us to calm down	Waiting for my son to get home from Dubai! Hope he's doing alright!	0
I hate it when people ask you questions about an exam and it makes you doubt everything you've ever known!	We need a SCJ to help with checks and balances. Who nominates them? Guess	0
Everytime I sit down to do chem homework the only thing that goes through my head is "I need a drink"	Trying to finish all of my homework assignments, though am feeling sick. Then will be ready for the SuperBowlXLIX game tomorrow.	0
Am I just dumb or do they always make it this difficult for people who transfer?!?! annoyed	I learned not to trust anyone and it's amazing how liberating it was for me!	0
So awake at half four with stupid blood sugars of 22.6 mmol I just have no idea what's happening !! :(	I cannot wait to reach my destination with all these frustrating delays getting on my nerves.	0
I think it's getting harder and harder to figure out what I'm supposed to do with in the next year!!!	This week is not so much good for me.	0
Oh my gosh! I can never make up my mind! Someone just pick a job for me. prosandcons frustrated	So glad activation system is down while I'm trying to have my service installed and activated. Should be fixed soon hopefully.	0
Just tried to log into my bank account using my school ID and password. tired	This is one of the big interviews where I feel like going for the final, but I am sure I can face victory.	0
I wish things were black and white. Right or wrong. Can someone please just tell me what to do? thanks	I have to go through all this ucas stress again to do my masters but I am happy that it will fetch me a good job.	0
Not enough days in this week! Too much to do, so little time!  birthdayplanning holidayplanning working pampering	I work best when I can plan out and think over what I need to do instead of being rushed along by everyone.	0
Everything is stressful  painful  and exhausting.  I wonder if I can make it. anxietyproblems schools	When it comes to packing for trips I get anxious and I have to check and recheck all my stuff about 10 times. On the bright side i never forget anything.	0
Da fuck guys. Swollen eye :( is it possible to have a pimple under your eye? Please say no	I'm going to focus to bring my grades up to where they used to be.	0
Dear neighbours while I am studying do you mind turning your radio down I don't care if there is niggers in Paris	I wish people would just move on after they answer questions.	0
Schedule was wrong and I was 30 min late to my first class, and then was late to my second bc I had to get it fixed. Stressed	I will take some time for myself and find the good things of my personality.	0
There seems to be a recurring theme of people randomly stopping in front of me this morning. Running late for work now	I need a holiday or just a break for a bit to chill out and regroup.	0
1:30 AM and i am wide awake. Can't do this anymore ..so much on my mind.	I just want to spend quality time taking care of my unwell puppy and sleep the whole day.	0
So, almost every other state has been paid for the INEC stress except Abia. Abiacorper	I cannot wait to be done with Sociology of Law in school as it combines two of the subjects that I do not like.	0
Hi, any chance you could use social media to update timetables!! Lots of late, stressed students today	I feel as that I am not supposed to be entertained from anyone or that I should find them interesting because I can go on without these things.	0
Hate being stuck at work just 1 more hour oh how it shall drag on	I would love to get my hands on the camera photos of me and Ed when we were 14-16.	0
the fact that i have to write my animal and plant cell over and aint start my heart rate yet	Giving a hopeless romantic the assignment to write a persuasive essay on relationships is not a good idea, but I will try my best.	0
I feel like I've been so busy lately. I just wanna have fun and go crazy like my friends sometimes.	I am going to relax all weekend and spend it with my boyfriend.	0
No matter how hard I work at it, there is always something in the way. I just want life to give me a break.	Annoyed because the USPS lost 1 of the 8 flat rate boxes of books I shipped from California to Kentucky. Hope it shows up. Thank God for refunds!	0
There's still 10 min in this show. Give me something to live off of for the next week	I feel there is a lot to do but very little time to do it all, well at least I have got something to occupy me.	0
How hard it is to collect debt payments from people you are most familiar with. =/	Everyone makes mistakes and I am grateful that I can learn from mine!	0
I hate English so much, I can't study it and I'm not prepared for the exam tomorrow, I actually want to cry juniorcert	We really need this money back in our account immediately. Many Thanks	0
I do not have time to go to this banquet tonight! Soo much studying to do, so little time!	They say someone is singing bad. I'm going to assume they mean someone else.	0
I hate how I always have my AP Chem and AP Pysch tests on the same day.. terrible	I'm going to make it a goal that I put down roots here, so I don't have to move again.	0
Every day I'm absent is another day that stops me from graduating.. Think about that before you tease me about missing school.	My parents are so important to me! They are the best parents ever!	0
Why do I always have Spanish tests and accounting quizzes on the same day? annoyed	I'm not able to work, I need to find out why I'm not tired.	0
Half the battle of an 8:30 am exam is just getting up for it OverTired	I will be a good support for my mom during her time in Guinea-Bissau	0
For my birthday all I want is for everyone to at least pretend to like each other.	I want to make my brother's b-day really special, so I can't miss out on what he wants!	0
holy fack stupid delivery drivers dumping everything all over the place. watch where you're going	Twitter is always so crazy but at least it's entertaining.	0
If you thought cleaning your room is hard try clearing out my phone the amount of pictures and messages is stressing me OUT!	Though Phil's training goes to the day of our wedding we'll be able to celebrate both events!	0
Jeep broken down, found a dog in the woods and running late for race for life	Everyone is getting on my nerves, but they are individuals and need to be themselves.	0
All I wanna do is cry when I think about how incredibly awful Monday is gonna be  somuchtodo	I don’t like windows and blue screens and also working from home.	0
Come get me I need a drink !  : Bouta get trashed lol	I'm pretty sure I will get to take the bus to Dundalk soon enough, I just need to be patient.	0
Don't see how teachers can shout at you for not doing something when you've got an exam?? annoying	I stress too much, but everyone at my age tends to get overly stressed it probably wont matter when I'm 50.	0
I fell asleep by the fire, only to be woken up by Sam telling me he's leaving and I should start my homework. ButIWasCozy	Since I can't do anything about something... I make up my mind to learn to deal with the feelings it brings me!	0
All I'm asking for is a hug and being told that everything is gonna be alright.	I hope these two weeks pass away soon. I have been having a tough time, but I am sure this too will pass.	0
Really wish I didn't have to keep worrying about this homework and what I've done and what I haven't done. tired and done	I guess people fight and that part of life I just need to learn better skills to manage it.	0
I'm on YouTube listening to and I've come across at least five songs I don't know howamiadmittingthis onlytwoweeks	Going on two-week break from work tomorrow. It's time to seriously look out for a new job which has a good work-life balance.	0
Of course I'm wide awake right now, my poor mind is running 4676458 miles an hour.	Insomnia gets at some point to everyone so I will be able to go through with it.	0
It's probably not healthy that I never sleep and am wide awake all day and never get tired	I wish searching for a house in LA from Boise wouldn’t cause any problems.	0
Oh shit both Machete and Crank 2 are on tv at the same time. I love both of them. I don't know which one to watch!	Some things are stressing me out, but I hope to make the right decision.	0
It's been one of those days where I just need to crawl in bed and stay there! Come on 5 so I can get off of work without crying.	So lucky that classes have been cancelled now I can focus more of my time revising the paper.	0
I feel like I'm working just to work harder " RT know the feeling	I am very smart so I will just go through with a classes and will be able to feel better afterwards.	0
final project for my FYE class is due tomorrow and I'm not even half way done. I need to quit a job	Self- medication is not a big offense in the finals’ week! You can pick your drug, coffee, Nyquil or fast food	0
Precious time is lost rendering video. I need 2 computers at this rate to get all my projects done :(	I know that I'm capable and will take the challenges this week has prepared for me head on!	0
In a divorced family, its so hard to make plans for Christmas, everything gets mixed up and the kids are the ones who pay for it!	After I finish my surgery, I can have the freedom to do all my homework calmly.	0
Running around like a chicken with my head cut off. I need to learn to balance work/wedding stuff/life.	I'm glad I still want to help even though I don't have any money and my bills keep increasing.	0
This game has me on edge after watching that leafs vs Boston game, play some D moose and end it	I'm sure I'll find my direction in life soon.	0
I feel like I am going to have a lot of stuff to pray on when I get home I feel like	Even though I have so many college work assignments to do, it's still a great day to be alive.	0
Been such a long week just gonna sleep this weekend But go so much to do?	I've been feeling really down lately, I'm going to get help to get over this sickness.	0
Would like to ask you needy idiots to piss off! I do not need you pestering me 24/7!b	I can't wait May to pass, so I can take a vacation and rest	0
Let's play the game how many five page papers can Catherine write before the end of next week fuck collegelife	I have to be calm while doing my work.	0
If things in my life don't turn around and start getting better I might go crazy	Even though I'm stressed and overwhelmed, I'm happy that at least today is the last day of the year. :)	0
when softball starts up and i get that first pitch i'm swinging and it's going to be a BOMB	I have no doubt that staying awake at night studying statistics will make me go better tomorrow at 8 in the morning.	0
There aren't enough hours in the day to do all the things I need to do.	This day is going to be challenging, but I know that I will get through it, and later I will be able to relax	0
Will someone come and press the submit button on this assignment for me? If I read it again Im going to continue to convince myself its completely wrong and delete it all	Preparing my cups of tea for my long night!	0
Gettinoot her bed is provin to be just as hard as ma boys wish everyone would just GET UP!!	I hope my Nan gets to home quickly and the insurance mess is quickly resolved.	0
So sick of this already. I just want it to be over and done with. I thought I was done letting this bother me.	I would love to dig in to some cherry and chocolate ice cream tonight!	0
All this week is is stress. I need a time out from it all exhausted	I buy a new laptop. Good condition	0
What is up with my emotions today. one minute Im laughing then a second later crying.	We should not accept others opinion.	0
Yet another argos fail, delivered to wrong address and wrong item. For the love of god, can someone sort my broken wardrobe out?	Even though the company has stiffed me, I'm glad I'm able to reach out on social media to get ahold of them.	0
Well that was a sleepless night! Excitement and panic all rolled into one! Oh and random wrong numbers don't help!	I might get another sleepless night, but it can't be helped I'll know to try and prevent it in the future.	0
Just got to make it through the day. Minute by minute, hour by hour. exhausted tired	I woke up late and missed my midterm review class, which means I'll have to just study on my own. The extra sleep was good for me though.	0
I hate not knowing exactly what I'm doing a head if time. I'm sick of being super busy and just need a day to relax and do nothing	I want to write to my anat phys teacher come comcerns about her teaching style and room for improvement.	0
Being an adult is way too hard. It's just one thing after another omfg. :[	Green tea has L-Theanine, which helps you feel more relaxed.	0
Going out for a late night drive, stressed out :( someone should make my night by $ending me something<;3	I'm having a rough day in car sales today, but I bet tomorrow will be better.	0
The meeting ended in both of us crying. But I stood my ground and expressed my opinion about the situation.	iTunes is difficult to use. At least there are other options.	0
I need to go on college visits but I don't even know where to begin.	There's nothing as normal as weirdest dreams.	0
Its really disappointing to see the terrible service is giving the wife. Even their CEO doesnt acknowledge receipt of a complaint! The incompetence of their customer service is astonishing complaint pregnant Vulnerable	Everyone is shopping like crazy but it's so nice to see everyone enjoying Christmas and buying gifts.	0
So much on my mind I wish I could just know what choice to make confused	Game of thrones was so good last night. Really pulling at the heart strings and providing a full on emotional reaction, enjoyed it so much. Cant wait for next episode!	0
Can I just cuddle up to oomf? I mean I know I smell like skunk but let's pretend this day is over and never happened	I know I can beat this Candy Crush level I will eventually.	0
Tomorrow is the last day of the semester. You guys I might just cry. It's probably bad that that's the least of my worries.	Banking in London can be a nightmare, but it’s not that big a deal everyone has these struggles.	0
I'm at that point in my life/week where I just don't give two futs anymore.	Volunteered for a christening party. Planning decorations!	0
I hate thinking about the future.. the fact that I have no idea what I'm going to do after high school makes me want to cry.	Waiting till the day before papers due to finish it is bad, so next time I will start earlier like I used to.	0
right when you think you got ur shit together life bitch slaps you and says think again mf.	There is a lot of homework. Let's do it!	0
When your paycheck is a lot more less then you thought it would be <;<;<;<;<;	I sure have a lot of work to do but college will be worth it in the end.	0
Im transferring to a different chickfila when I move and I just got off of the phone with the hiring manager there and instead of saying Thank you to him I said My pleasure and now Im not only rude but also a suck up. tryhard	I was able to meet a couple of fascinating people today when a few #229 busses didn't show up (in a row!). Thanks to some slow service, I might have made a new friend.	0
All I kno is I need to be drinking HEAVILY this wknd! And that's the fucken truth!	I wish I was done with the next couple of weeks so that I can have more peace of mind.	0
I hate being in the dark and just wondering about things. I let my fears get the better of me. thinkingtoomuch	Even though learning is a challenge, it's been a real character builder for me. And only 10 weeks left!	0
Behind the scenes of my reality: I have 649 photos to edit and animate by Monday.	Going to have to earn some more money, so I can have a good Christmas.	0
Decided this is going to be one of the worst birthday ever. Any efforts to make it better is much appreciated.	I wish to learn this presentation that I have been trying to learn all day somehow or the other.	0
I need to start applying for internships too!!  I wonder if would take me in Or :( studentlife	I love being compassionate and full of empathy! This helps me understand other people's emotion!	0
I don't want to make any more big girl decisions. Can't I just be a kid again	I think I have to pause and think.	0
When I say something I mean it. You can trust me. You can come to me. Just talk to me. Gosh	I have many tests this week but I will be over with those soon so it's going to be good.	0
Are Tums a food group and if so where do they go on 'my fitness log	Although I miss my boyfriend today, I am sure that I will have a great time when he is back tomorrow.	0
Seriously hoping today's sofa hunting dosnt go as badly as yesterday's epic fail of flat hunting!	I have a lot of work to do as my grandad is in hospital. Though the weekend is not going as planned I am thankful that he is alive.	0
Got home to find half the house in the lorry for the move. Im not going to like this. People have already moved my stuff and I dont like it.	I hope I am able to complete my work early so that I can have a good night's sleep tonight.	0
Trying to get organised for a week long business trip whilst also looking after the kids	The lack of updating and constant waiting shows me that patience is a virtue I can reap.	0
Wish I had the money to disappear for awhile and return with a new feeling towards the everyday process of life!	While I just ate the worst carrot cake of my life, I am really glad I was able to raise my low blood sugar with it.	0
I'd say in the past 3 weeks whilst I've been doing all these essays, my chocolate intake has increased 70%	I spilled a bag of cheese, broke a bottle of triple sec, and exploded the frozen coke. But it's okay, we all have bad mornings.	0
I'm seriously about to take an F on this online homework. I have no idea what I'm doing.	I usually dress very well for the mock trial and I hope to look very good this time unlike other times.	0
I have to get my moms birthday present and my masquerade costume this week and I literally have no time.	I don't have a roommate anymore, fortunatly my parents are capable to buy everything for the dorm	0
Prioritise - focus on one thing at a time without allowing the mind to panic about all the other things I need to do.	I'm not in a good mood today but tomorrow will be a new day	0
Need prayers I really want to make this Washington job happen waiting on the phone call telling me come on	I am so glad I am almost done!	0
Got accepted to my first choice of university today. Now what do I do? I have 5 days to decide the rest of my life. confused	I am a bit upset that the person who calms me down isn’t around anymore, but God will help me pull through it.	0
Seriously your going to yell at me when it wasn't even my fault!!!! :'( pissed off	Too many things are going on with the finals following behind. I ‘ve put in hard work and hope to reap the benefits.	0
Can already see myself paying for my lack of motivation in the next few days	Have two essays, a bunch of tests, but I hope I could get over my laziness and tiredness to do it.	0
This spring has gone from blessed to ; we have so much school work to do, but my stupid monkey brain likes to ignore the tasks and play games instead.	I can’t believe I am getting married soon, this is an exciting change in my life and I have so many mixed feelings.	0
Has had a few rough days. Asking for prayers that I have done the right thing. tried prayers	I need a stress reliever that's not eating my feelings hope I get some help	0
My life shouldn't be this scary at my age. I shouldn't have to go through any of this right now. scared	Studying is tough, but it'll give me a chance to get better and graduate.	0
I am so sick of the iPads and Schoology. Every teacher has a secret hiding spot for every assignment. Confused and	How long did you soend cleaning the kitchen? We need a good cleaning system	0
Still awake with SLEEPOVER.this stupid computer just froze and started blasting 23 by miley cyrus.	Omg stressed out, at work but need to be at home packing and getting ready to my travel to Singapore.	0
someone help me with my APUSH extra credit assignments :( i'm not even sure where to begin :( HELP APUSH	I have studied for nearly half a day and though it may not make a big difference, I have gained a good deal of knowledge.	0
The dress has been white and gold and blue and black for me so I don't even know what to believe anymore	I receive my bourse payment which is cool	0
I'm a very positive person but I already kno today's not gonna be my day .	I'm at a stage of my life where I don't really know what's going on, but I'm confident that I'm going to get over it	0
Hate working in a traffic office when it's coming up to bank holiday toobusy and it's also roasting in here	Getting ready to drink this week!	0
its a long night, i'm a mess worrying about this next year and packing, not sure what's next for me collegelife tired	Saturday is almost here! But for now I'm going to relax and hang out with my boyfriend.	0
Grumpy, bad day. Wish my baby was home to make me feel better broke collegeproblems	You mean a lot to me.	0
if the last day of school doesn't get here soon , i think i'm gonna have some kind of heart attack frfr .	Even though I'm torn between these two choices, I'm just glad I have the freedom to choose.	0
I want it all to go back to "normal" I hate having all these feelings!!!	I am too busy to go to fundraisers.	0
If I wouldve known then, what i know now- I wouldve NEVER taken this position.	I think I need a secluded place to feel better, and thus improve this pain.	0
Dear school, can I have a little less stress please? I think I have a shred of my sanity left!	God has gotten me through so many hard times, and I am really thankful for all the hard times I was able to overcome	0
Today is a two cup of coffee type of day . . . I usually only have	I know that with little things like coffee, chocolate and motivation they will do me better and help me finish half a rehearsal.	0
I have a lot on my mind, and I have a lot of homework to do. collegelife :/ ugh!	Although I am having a tough day today, I am confident that the coming days are going to be better.	0
the fact that the term journal and outstide reading for semantics is due this week	I had a really long test, but I have done it now so I can chill out.	0
my billie eilish poster just fell down whilst i'm in my bed trying to sleep	Time to get to the gym and sweat out some stress!	0
That moment when you are super tired and all you can do is stare at the ceiling and think.	I hope I evolve with the changing situation and get into a better frame of mind.	0
I hate you, then I love you. Its like I want to throw you off a cliff, then rush to the bottom to catch you!	This month, I'm going to learn how to organize my time and make the most of it.	0
You'd have to knock me out and drag my body to NYC before I go to a concert here.	I am glad I found out that my car has broken down with ample time before the exam so that I can arrange an alternate way to reach school.	0
I'm realizing my anxiety about the little things is getting in the way of me living my life.	I have been doing a lot of late night studying but this class won't last forever.	0
Wearing sunglasses even though its not that sunny just so I can cover my face disgrace tired	Selling stuff on eBay is not so easy. However, there isn't an alternative.	0
After a week hiatus from news channels I realize that commercials are actively causing part of my stress. + + car ad with angsty woman singing while millennials stare out the car window are pushing me away from ads	I'm taking my permit test tomorrow. Now, I'm feeling unprepared, but I know it's just my anxiety talking, and I'll do great tomorrow!	0
Moving to uni in 2 days with 5 left in my bank - definitely the worst its been in a while	Only 25 more days until the move. I'm tired, but looking forward to it.	0
I am beyond tired. I shall now MAKE time for a nap before the chaos continues	I'm not going to worry about having a kid for now. I'm just going to learn to love myself and be grateful for what I already have.	0
Just when I think things will work my way life goes and slaps me in the face and stands back laughing frustrating	There qre ao many good people in my life and trying to spend some time on walk with them	0
This has been one fucked up day im tired of fighting with people I need to relax and unwind for a day with no fighting out	Stress is just to wake up my mind, so I can get back to my focus	0
Work again tomorrow. Then a little pool time. Then studying. 4 days of class and 3 tests left	Getting a new phone I can't find anything I think I have to wait.	0
Work dragged on forever  and the rest of my nights lookin pretty shitty too. annoyed blah ilovemoneytho	I think I need to make more effort into making friends at the office and getting closer to people then I will have someone to listen.	0
I just need a few hours break to go do something before continuing all of the stuff I need to do	Feeling stressed is part of human nature and I feel that I am strong to overcome it.	0
Seems like the only time I get to tweet nowdays is late at night while I'm studying Exams	I think the National Debate Tournament will go smoothly for me.	0
Seriously this a level 2 class and you're going to teach us level 3 work. This school is dumb	I very much hope that I will go back to work and make money to pay my bills.	0
Argh , my toddler is starting to hide things, something I spent days looking for he has now 'hidden'	Had a bad day today. All I need is a back rub, and some tea, and I'll be fine.	0
One of the worst feelings in the world is when you can't find your headphones.	I'm going to be totally busy for the next few days of the week.	0
Am I the only one who cant sleep well the night before a big Exam?	It’s good that we got an hour because now I have more time to think.	0
Stressed To Da Extreme!!! If derre is a God then please come take me away to rid me from this pain! I can't do it nomo. RealShit	Although I am very anxious, I cannot help launching my research work on Christ.	0
first night at the new place.. thanks Dad and Bille-Jean for all your help! exhausted	Next time I'll be getting my work turned in on time and avoid having both the fscj and library closing on me.	0
I gotta get back on it xxx , i lost everything the gear , tha hoes , football lol	Having stress sometimes help to function better in the situations I will face.	0
I don't understand why we don't have enough Ableride buses to get Disabled Kids home from colleges in an emergency	Today has been a challenge, but it will be over with soon.	0
After this week I'm going to need a glass of wine. Or maybe the entire bottle	You know your heads troubled when you get woken up by the same dream for 2 hours, but at least I don't need to worry about the alarm.	0
can guarantee I will cry at least once before Friday I'm so far behind in my nursing readings it's not even funny	Just can't find the motivation to do anything. I have to plan my day productive to done my 5 essays.	0
Ive been worring about this project and haven't even thought about all the other stuff she taught us ugh	I've had to read and research for my new job, hunt for apartments, and pack for this international move. But I'm looking forward to my home workouts. I know I can stop this weight gain and cook for myself and this stress is not permanent.	0
It never fails.. As soon as I crawl into bed my brain starts to remember all the shit I have to get done this week..	I'll rest so that tomorrow I can do a good math exam	0
I feel like once one thing goes bad it causes a chain reaction so then everything starts going bad hateit	Im going to ask if they like me and if they do that would be great.	0
I'm nervous I'm going to ride terribly in my lesson tomorrow. I have so much on my mind lately.	I prefer to spend money on a cellphone than a watch.	0
Waking up with a headache just means its going to be a bad day finals	I’m very grateful that Usher has released more songs that I can enjoy all the time.	0
I wish I could get my head into a good space so I can get on with my next book	Being alone sometimes mean quiet and peace of mind so that's good.	0
State test in a few weeks, and the students STILL don't know what we have been learning ALL year. teacherproblems s	I feel bad about shattering my phone screen, but that’s an opportunity to get a new one.	0
so what's a guy gotta do to get a little RAW support on the D750 5 weddings to edit!	I just have to keep telling myself that this class will only last a semester!	0
Can't wait for Wednesday to be here so I can actually chill the fuck out! Juggling uni, assignments, work and seeing pe	I have a lot to do but soon it will all be over, and I'll be able to take it easy for a while.	0
breaking down bc I can't deal with all of the procedures, operations, and surgeries I'm going to have to go through.	Even tired, I will find time to get it right in 3 weeks ...	0
Is it bad that in cramming two exams writhing less then a week of each other because of summer vacation ? :(	The feeling of upseting/annoying a friend is bad, but I'm sure everything will work out in the end.	0
Note to self, when ordering from always deliver to the store because are useless, unhelpful and rude when you try and understand their weird delivery options.	I have a chemisty final coming up so I am going to study and prepare really hard so I pass.	0
Ran late, hair and makeup sucked and a meeting with the principal, guidance counselor, head of senior project and my dad WTF	I know that I will get past these feelings by relaxing and focusing on one thing at a time. If that isn't successful, I'll try it again.	0
that moment when your typing a paper and the person next you flips their keyboard over, yells fuck finals, and walks out.	My former ways of coping with anxiety are not working, I know I'll find something new	0
So 6 am workouts are going to start ASAP. No way I'm spending 50-60 minutes driving to and from work everyday.	I've got to talk to my biology professor to see what I missed on Tuesday.	0
cannot find anything to wear for my birthdaay:( ahhh going to end up being like a tramp	I think this college job shouldn't be as difficult as it is, I need to take a closer look at what I'm doing wrong.	0
Finding my headphones for them to be broken :| only one earpiece working is a n n o y i n g as hell!! annoyed	Just need to finish studying and taking my exams, then I can finally rest!	0
Donald Trump videos stress me out. I can't handle racist, narrow minded people who talk out of their ass.	I have good opportunities but two schools at once will be a challenge.	0
Waking up at 3 in the morning to study maths should be against human rights!! tired sleepy	Work make me drink so bad but at least my paycheck is big!	0
Absolutely confused, how on earth am I suppose to find out UK artists who young people look up to work	I hope to get over this headache soon and have fun with my friends.	0
I should probably get a massage and sour patch kids the night before every exam	I prefert to have dinner alone!	0
I wish I knew what I really mean to you. If I mean anything at all. overthinking	So much work to do! Tomorrow I'll need to be as productive as I can.	0
Feel like you can always get a warrant on SVU but it's so much harder on The Killing	That first bath will be SO amazing!	0
I've just been so on edge for about a week I can't seem to get a break	I need to be more careful when I smoke at work, some people may think I'm using something else, like marijuana. It's weird but it happens.	0
Thankful for my dad Cried on the phone to him for 20 minutes and finally he calmed me down	I have colouring due tomorrow, that's really not the worst thing in the world.	0
Resist your sugar cravings. You'll feel even worse when the sugar rush disappears.	I think I'm going through a depressed phase, but it's okay I'll come out the other side	0
Oohh yeap.! I hate THIS WEEK! Why!? Because I wake up very early and I lost all ur tweets!!	I'm pretty sure my class is going to be easy to understand and time will fly by!	0
It's just hit me the amount of work I need to do before we break up for Easter, so starting tomorrow I'll have no social	When I run out of supplies is when I start using my creativity to finish my job with what I have	0
This sickness must peace out.. NOW ! Wayyyy too much stress keeping my immune system down fts bullshit sick	Even though I can get bad grades, I know God will never abandon me.	0
wtf is goin on where is he atwhat is he doinis he okaywhy he not hittin me back	Even though I have bad days, tomorrow is a new day and I can improve myself	0
I feel like Chandler Bing, because all I can think is 'Could I BE in a worse mood?!?'.	I'm glad there's space for all the children to sit here.	0
My vibe too fucked up rite now finna listen to music ndd lay down about too much	Doing my father’s duty gives me time to go clean up at the bar.	0
Yea, I had it rough asFUK , but I kno there's people out there that got it worse the me! RESPECT BLESSED BUT	I understand the value of other's people work and I'm grateful that I'm able to spend money just so I can have my car fixed.	0
Evryone wants to go to neptunes tomorrow .. Nobody wants to drive Ugghhhh .. stressed Someone sack up	I love all the choices I have for my wardrobe! Once I have it all organized, it will be easier to make choices!	0
And this is exactly why I hate group projects! People not doing their part and it will screw my final grade. fml	I feel industrious, like going into the kitchen and cooking and chopping, I hope to get more things I can chop soon.	0
I can't believe that in a week from now, I'll be back at school. Idk if I'm excited to go back or sad to be leaving home	I am lucky to have gone years without a bloody nose.	0
My life, my hair, and my face is a mess and I got less than a month to get it together before school.	The fear of failing an exam isn't good. But I finished it, so I'll just be happy, and think positive.	0
I hate waiting until the last minute to write papers for school but i have no motivation to do it when i first get the assignment	A visit to the nail salon post a packed day is surely a great way to rejuvenate oneself:)	0
What makes the fact im stuck in racking my brains with this assignment worse, is that I got asked to go Manchester. bored	Another unexpected browser issue. I hope to see it fixed soon.	0
Going shopping for the 849292727 time looking for a court dress stressed I FEEL YA	I hope the rest of my day gets better than the first half.	0
Hate how when I get stressed I avoid everything and bury my head in the sand. Then I'm stressed about being stressed.	I've had a headache for 2 days, and barely eaten anything this afternoon, can't wait to feel better and eat again! I love food!	0
thank you! The weather is terrible to be driving in. And my car is being weird.	I am very happy to have an uneventful life.	0
Wanna thank my girlfriend for last night shitcar wontstart cold but she sorted it out	Remembering to breathe deep breaths is helping me get through this.	0
I hate when something that should have taken me an hour TAKE ALL FUCKING DAY INSTEAD	The nursing program is really hard but the result when I have finished will be worth it.	0
So much things to do in such little time, but I know it will all work out! vent	When you're in the worst mood sweet person just comes along happy tears	0
When you say a word repeatedly and it sounds as if it has no meaning	Exams mount up tension when even a cookie cannot calm you down, but you can be happy and relaxed when it is over.	0
please don't release OP5T within next few month, i love my OP5 and don't want to be outdated so soon Panicking	It is funny when a afly get in your car and you try to stay cool.	0
Having a nervous breakdown! Hate my outfit for tomorrow and it's to short notice to find something else	Kids demand a lot of energy, but this is good for their development.	0
I just can't wrap my mind around all the things I have to pack, and all the people I have to say goodbye to in the next 11 hours	It is normal to have it easier to focus on fitness when there is no school, because everything has it's own time.	0
Im not one to give up but ur making it pretty hard for me , ThisBoy GotMeGoingCrazy	For the next occasion perhaps we could choose something easier than helmholtz	0
Hey giving shit to deliver that they cant deliver! If I wanted to put on pants, get in my car and go pick up my own things, Id go to in the first place!	My brother is having a destination wedding next week I am happy for him.	0
Please let these cold symptoms go away I can not get sick this week toomuchtodo	I'm sick but I know I'll be better soon and can start my studies then!	0
im tired if all this i really don't want to do nothing stupid but i have a feeling that i am ugh alot on my mind	I'm stresed about thesis but I'm brave enough to change approach on subject at last minute	0
I guess I am off to bed. Beat. Today was rough. No sleep last night. Mind wouldn't shut down. Worried	I'm going to stop procrastinating and stop doing things at the last minute.	0
Hate coming home from work, having to quickly get ready, with nothing to wear. girlproblems	I am so excited for my guitar lessons. It's hard doing it by myself but I think it'll be worth it.	0
I was suppose to wake up at 7 and go to my library to study what a damn fail! I am hella tired! work finals tired	If someone talks to me, I'll count to 10 and stay calm	0
I have to leave in 20 minutes and nothing is done and I can't find the other half to my uniform UGHHHHH.	I need to focus and finish changing the text book so that tomorrow everything is going to be ok	0
My son is 2 months away from turning 2 and gawd the terrible twos have already hit him like a truck	I quit smoking so my help can get a lot better!	0
Seriously need to get my head out my arse and start ironing / packing!! Last minute aallll the time!! lazycow	It is necessary to take care of health while working, without having to have an example that says so.	0
This week has been another level rubbish. What's the options for a grown woman to fully hibernate for a few days FML	I wanted to grow up and go to high school when I was little but now I treasure a lot those kidergarden times!	0
Seriously stresses out. Never have anyone to talk to about anything when I feel like this	Hearing the same bitching every day that's said only to me - makes me feel I've had enough, and look for better and constructive discussions!	0
Every time I mention another idea to my parents for college I get shut down. It all leads back to going to moorpark for 2 years..	On the bright side, growing has its advantages. Things I couldn't enjoy before, now I can enjoy.	0
I have bit my nails so short, they hurt. And I had previously went almost 3 years without biting them at all.	My friend gifted me a Chromebook to use for conventions since my old laptop died. Now I'm working on how to get my panels to work on it.	0
I'm waiting till I just break down. Idk how much more I can handle breakdown sad broken	There are some days when I am depresssed, but God can help me overcome it.	0
Bloody PPI.. I do not have any loans or any payments coming out if my bank other than my phone bill.. :/	This loneliness that I'm feeling is just temporary. I will make more friends and go out more!	0
Why must I be such a worry wart. I can feel the ulcers accumulating in my tummy :/ anxious	It is alright to feel as if there is no time when there are a lot of things going on but at the end there is actually. time.	0
Ohhhh Greek week we meet again. It's the worst week but best week! stressed HEYARNOLD	Stress is intrinsic to life. We must learn how to deal with it!	0
Washing in, hair being sorted as we speak I do love leaving everything to the last minute Not!!	6 pieces of coursework to do for tomorrow and look after two babies at the same time. I hope God will help me pull through this.	0
My family just encourages me to want to lose weight because that's all they talk about, even my little sister worried	Only four more left and my assignment is finished!	0
Last minute studying before our finals  lets do this e_moan finalsweek stressed tired hardwork @	I am anxious about my communication audit paper because I don't have a rubric, but I know that I will do well without it.	0
My face is so broken out, thanks for the guy who hit me these past two weeks have been so stressful!	I need y'all to stop interrupting my reading because I love this book!	0
Deciding to move house at 8 months pregnant is a very silly idea, should not of left this till the last minute:( tired	I hope I can continue living my best life in the coming years too.	0
I left 15 minutes after I was suppose to and now might be late to my brunch	Loneliness can be a great teacher. Why not use the time alone to self-introspect?	0
Tired Today I had a statistics midterm exam (part 2), ACT tom, work keys wed, psych quiz and paper fri and write an English paper	I hope I do well in my tests tomorrow although my sleep has bee interrupted tonight.	0
How you can like me one day and treat me like every other person the next	can't please everyone all the time Just do what I think is right	0
Why can't I get my children to play in their playroom with their TOYS?! Whoa, it's been a long day. mommyprobs	I want to start taking more responsibility for what happens in my life others try their best to help and thats good.	0
Books for next semester are so expensive. How am I going to pay for all of this	I am sure I will get this job and will be asked to join this Monday.	0
my professors continual lack in ability to provide proper resources and instructions makes me absolutely insane!	I have enough time to think about what I want to do after sixth form it will be okay.	0
Um I'll pay anybody to do my math, my opposition paragraph for English and help me study government and anatomy for tomorrow.	I have a lot of essays to finish in the next two days. I'm going to power through and get them finished though!	0
When you're in a bad moo and someone doesn't know when to leave you alone.	The car I currently had does not fit all my needs but I am thankful that at least I have a car.	0
Please universe, let me find some reliable, decent paying work so I can get out of this debt pit that a a couple years of really bad mental health put me into.	My face is breaking out, but I hope it gets okay before prom.	0
Trying to manage working almost everyday, going to college and making a car payment while trying to buy Christmas presents	I see a lot of video content on Instagram now, but I'll spend more time on platforms that I enjoy more.	0
Woke up from one of those worst case scenario all night long cant escape the shit dreams  ..	Having a really tough time with the doctors at the moment. Although I am thankful for all the hard work that they do.	0
Sometimes health and fitness is really all I think about and frankly I'm exhausted from it tookovermylife	Felling and anxious can have longterm effects on your health Hope to be healthy.	0
Forget it. I'm doneeee. This is exactly why I HATE computers and online assignments. badnight annoyed	Soon, my knee will be healed, and I'll be able to do duathlon, triathlon, and myckyraces.	0
Why does everything have to be due on the same day for every class??? Why???	If someone next to me sneezes, do I say bless you? I suppose it would be kind and open up conversation.	0
Ive been so emotional lately . Sometime I just want to break down and cry .	I'm going to take a pill for a headache, turn on the fan. That way I'll be able to do what should be done calmly	0
Why so BUSY :( this month of "AUGUST and SEPTEMBER" is so :( :'( :( huhuhuhu . BUSY  feeling stressed	We should complete our shopping as soon as possible.	0
so much work to do this week why can't i just be off already! :(	Although I am sad when I see people getting engaged, everything has its time, when it happens to me it will happen.	0
Why is it when you need to finish early everything goes wrong should of stayed in bed	The first three weeks of classes have been tough, but I'm confident that if I can make it through these past few weeks, I can make it through anything.	0
Falling asleep trying to do my homework .I can't keep my eyes open for more than a few seconds.. frustrating	I need to learn not to look at other people's business, I will be more appreciated that way.	0
Got all this coloring due tomorrow  6th grader, eh? I had this junior year.	I will be so happy once this project is over.	0
Why some people cant get it if a girl say no so its mean go away and stop bothering her Storyofmylife	I'm feeling very tired this evening, looking forward to some relaxation afterwards.	0
Snowing like mad. Can't leave early, cuz I'll get fired. Really hope the buses are running. I hate winter.	Having a hard time sleeping at night which I think shows it's time to find some new strategies to get to sleep.	0
The stress of the economics midterm is worse than exams! Legit feel like I won't make it to the end of the year	It's completely normal to have car problems because of the cold, I'm sure it won't be any problem to miss work today because of that.	0
I think I may go and put some rounds down range before I break and end up on CNN.	I just need to remember about all the good things in my life to be happy about.	0
Finished work at 5 and just sat down! Holiday tom TF Work, baby number 2 on the way, moving house tom and getting wed next year	Well I think this is the first time I've stressed myself which is bad for myself.	0
Tired? Stressed? In pain? I can help! How to Unleash your Hidden Healing Potential - via	Everything is due Monday. I have to finish as soon as possible.	0
I need ah vacation ! Two days at least thtss all I ask for !	My God, I love eating too much, it makes me very happy!!!	0
Don't think I could be anymore stressed right now! Give he some alcohol Ffs grr	Busy taking difficult classes, managing a basketball team, and having to work 16 hours each weekend, but it will all be worth it when I get my 4.0!	0
i cannot physically stay up until 1 doing schoolwork. even though i need to, my body will not let me.	I had a bad social distancing experience at Aldi hopefully if I write to them they will be more aware.	0
i hate being FB friends with people from work i have to watch what i say about August and on	I'm feeling like packing it all up, but unfortunately I'm too tired to deal with it right now.	0
The fact that everyone is getting accepted to university and I haven't is extremely upsetting :( justwantto	I feel stressed and depressed emotional but I am a strong person so I will be able to handle it.	0
Why does this have to be so complicated?! Why can't everything just go smoothly and workout the way I need it to?!?	I had a day of Shopping. It cleared my mind, All I needed was a little rest.	0
This lab is due in 12 hours. Please post your data. I'll bake you cookies.	Even though Cassie might be gone for some time at least she will be back and I will enjoy her more.	0
I need a time machine, back to 1999 please. I just need to give myself a bit of advice. sad depressed	This had been a bad morning so far, but thank God for waking me up this morning because the day can only get better from here	0
There is only one reason to go home other than that I can't do it	At least my husband will be getting better while I get familiar with the waiting room of BI in Boston.	0
This is why I hate exams Can't relax, can't stop biting my nails and feeling sick. This can't be good for my health! hateexams	I hope I do a good job of preparing for my test tomorrow.	0
A bit stressed that in selfridges put the wrong size shoes in my box. Not ideal when it's the day of your party!	I have to plan things productive and realistic to getting better right now.	0
This whole month has been harder then I thought it would be sad justwanttheholidays to be over now	Lady Antebellum's line "Couldn't wait to get going but wasn't quite ready to leave" was really uplifting to me!	0
Well I can happily say I'm well an truly fucked for my economics exams tomorrow	Ten days till the last day of school, and 3 days until prom... I am eagerly looking forward to it.	0
So done with this data analysis now :( it all seemed easy when I was just inputting data	Through hard-work and focus I hope to pass my exams although I'm hardly given any time for revision.	0
I HATE choosing paint!! Yes HATE! I have 8 shades of grey paint on my walls and I can't Decide! !!!! annoyed	I wish they were clearer about the collection note.	0
Just feel like im not good enough for anything, girlfriend seems mad at me and i fucked up big time :'( depressed	I have to focus on my goals to get to where I want I can't ever give up	0
For the past 11 years I have been procrastinating with school work, and every year it has fucked me over cramforexam	I was late for my meeting.	0
The squirrels on campus have become twice their size in the past two weeks i swear. ?	Therapy will help me understand what's important in life.	0
Don't let a mess get you too stressed! That's what KingofMaids is here for! cleaning	I should take a break to improve my health.	0
The fact that I have absolutely no idea what grade I have had in ap world ALL NINE WEEKS and the grading period ends Friday..	Although I didn't buy the wine, at least I saved money	0
When school and exams are finally over I'm going to need some serious time for retail therapy and hibernation!	After sleeping well this week, my days will be better	0
And I'm suppose to take a practice MCAT exam tomorrow which is about to be an absolute fail in my current mindset Mad	At least after participating in the mock debate about the three little pigs and the big bad wolf I'll have had some experience debating with others.	0
Please Get well soon " : In so much pain. I hate being sick. My neck fucking hurtttttts.	Even though my heart is broken, I'm sure glad I have a bed to lay in at night.	0
How on earth am I supposed to study for my psychology exam tomorrow when I can't stop crying? whyamiemotional	I keep forgetting if Diddy is P. Diddy or Puff Daddy, but eventually I'll get the hang of it.	0
It's almost birthday and I have absolutely no idea on what I should get him	Very happy to be watching Game of Thrones	0
Feeling beat down having to pursue something I hate at school rather then continuing to work on what I truly love	I'm going to stop procrastinating and get things done earlier from now on.	0
Way to much to do and no time to do it :/ to the max.	I think I would feel better if I go out of my house today.	0
When ur stressed, don't look down-ur fixatg on life that's already happend or fears of the future.	I have to stay firm during this year so that on vacation I can rest	0
It worries me slightly that I don't remember any of the Russian RevolutionGulp! Exam is tomorrow!	I'm going to do my best to study for 6 hours for my exams tomorrow. Wish me luck!	0
Love being on for 200 quid and 2 matches getting abandoned when results where what I needed not been a good day	Who says being a teenager is easy? Teenage years have their own share of ups and downs.	0
I want to do something before I go to work today. I just dont know what.	I would be happy to dress up tomorrow even though I don’t win or get anything.	0
Some sweats, a blanket and another diet coke will be the move tonight when I get off. tired	These past few weeks have rendered a tired look to my face and the breakouts add to the misery, but I hope to meet a dermatologist to solve my problem.	0
Just submitted a paper ten minutes before it was due, now it's time for the gym	I knew from the beginning you were trouble, but I always dive in to relationships to seek love, it's in my nature.	0
Sitting here at this dusty desk til 7am Then going to my other job 8-5	Under Pressure? We understand. It can be a challenge working that way. We can help you.  entrepreneur.	0
EventTim can you at least reply? Give me some updated info like wat time will Dave comeon I need2no	I will be more mindful about the way my room looks, so I can feel at ease and work comfortably.	0
This week will pass by, and we'll forget everything we studied. But we'll never forget how awful it was. examweek whyputusthruit	It’s not good when a vast majority of my tweets are so depresssing, so I have planned to post some positive thoughts.	0
My first time stepping foot and studying at HCC. KCC is still the best tho.	I've been doing my homework for the past three hours and I hope to finish it after taking a break.	0
Being a perfectionist, a mom, and in nursing school is about to drive my little brain crazy.	Even though my bill is past due, I have enough money coming in where I'll be able to cover it, thankfully!	0
Why does it feel like all my hard work is not going to pay off?	Not sure how I'm supposed to submit assignments when there is no submission tab. I hope to get some help.	0
If I make it to my 24th birthday without getting a stomach ulcer or having a stroke it will be a miracle	I have learned about who is worth liking and to cut out those I do not.	0
on another note. my fingernails haven't been this long in 21 years. let's see if they survive the end of this semester	Everything will be better once I get my vacations, hard work only makes relaxing feel better.	0
Attended no seminars and lectures for EU all year and still havnt started revising for tomorrow's exam yet either :/ feelingshit	I'm thankful to be considered an essential worker, even with the challenges of customer service involved in my job.	0
Really hoping I can override this stupid class so i can graduate! I really am a good student. AandP Stupid	Really stressed at the moment but I know that this will pass and I'll get everything sorted out.	0
When work is stressful and home is a different stressful what's a person supposed to do?	I am happy that there is only 1 week of school left until the Thanksgiving holiday, where I will be able to rest.	0
I try so hard. Why do I keep feeling like I fail and school just isn't going right.	All deities are on my side, I believe that everything will go well today.	0
Staying my parents alone is torture after having found a burglar asleep in my apartment in my bed in March.	Unfortunately I am not having time to fulfill all my obligations, but if I optimize my time better I know that I will be able to go to school and do my homework more easily.	0
This weeks depressing me, the fact that am so behind with my work in tech to is not making it any better	I hope I get a few hours of sleep before morning so that I don't wake up with a headache.	0
Not really sure how I'm supposed to work till 11:30 tonight then take my anatomy final tomorrow morning without failing	Going to study so hard to make sure I get all A's on my finals.	0
I am so stressed out I could just lay in my bed and cry all day. I'm so over money and people. stressed	When I finish my exam I'll get to enjoy my first day off since I finished school!	0
Idk wtf I'm doing with my life career wise.. Ima pharmacy technician , with 1/2 way of a criminal justice degree completed.  idk	I know I'll be able to do well in lab practice today	0
Back at tech again waiting to see someone in admission! Gosh this is such a hassle!	Finals have me up late and so stressed I have to get good marks.	0
Stressed out? Feeling overweight? Want to do something about it? This BCresort vacation has what u need	Remembering why I chose to go into nursing	0
Playing with Play-doh during finals week. stressed finalsweek and yes, I found it in my mailbox. Like all the other Wilson residents.	I'm not really a fan of today. Hopefully my rehearsal will cheer me up, and I'll feel better!	0
If I knew I was gonna be taking care of kids full time by myself, I would of stayed on birth control, kept using condoms, and would of stayed single! Tired	After doing these two final exams and a newspaper everything will be over and I will be able to relax.	0
pissed the bank closed at 12 today. now i can't cash my check until monday	This pain is getting bad, and I guess a massage would do me good.	0
so over this.. even my body is telling me i need to be at home. sick	I get to do gymnastics reports cards for the kids, finals will be over soon, I'm getting hours at work and my cold can only get better.	0
I've never been this stressed. I have a nose bleed like everyday for the last 5 days. FML	Although the new job likes me I won't have him available to help me because he's getting a lot of work from the veterans.	0
Why is it that when I try my hardest it blows up in my face, like seriously..	I am a loving person and I deserve to have a partner who will love me back.	0
ugh i literally hate everyone who is talking about being done with finals. keep it to yourself until friday OKAY?!?!	Tomorrow I can relax :)	0
Hate when you don't have a clue what to wear for a nightout :( saturday	I'm teaching myself, I'm a seft learner!	0
Out n about tryin too clear my head stressed jus made a liquor run big bottles on deck cirocpeach	I need to have some time just for me to relax a litle bit	0
Cleaning out my room before I head to the other side of the world - how can such a small room hold so much stuff?!	Well just think, it'll soon be over!	0
Lebanese pple how do u feel? "Tired and anxious" . and anxious" When citizens can't think of their future anxiety is skyrocketing . Political &economical /financial situation is worsening.	I’m so lucky to have money saved up, so I don’t have to worry about work.	0
I have a concentration span of about 10 minutes, I definitely should have finished this report by now ahhhhh uniwork boring	I will use an app to help them out in the future.	0
I cant believe Desdemona keeps on insisting that I to make Cassio lieutenant JUST LEAVE ME ALONE	On the home stretch now, only a couple of months left of university, im almost there.	0
Can't decide if it's physics that I hate.. Or just school in general. sodone nomore	I have to understand that my children like fighting games and their behavior will pass with time	0
All I want for Christmas: watch movies in my jammies while making cookies with kids. tired	I know our team can improve their game against Nigeria when we least expect it!	0
Planning and arranging an engagement ceremony for 150 people in 4 days is harder than I thought.	I have a lot to get done, but in three weeks hopefully it will all be accomplished.	0
Spent 7 hours working on my SRUDT video tonight. It's still not doneand I need to spike it.  sick	This was by far the worst day ever. hope on tomorrow	0
Want to quit sixthform, quit work and baisically just quit life right now tired	People that don't do their job well can irritate me at times, but I'm just thankful that they at least have work.	0
up!!! Damin 4kin tired!!!! Today na 4 stress!! REG. Tinz!!! We gonna survive and succeed at last!!!	I feel I don't have as many choices as they say I do.	0
how the fuck do I download the tape on iPhone , I want it NOW , not downloading ,	I worked quite a lot this past week I should plan a nice day trip on my next days off.	0
Jesus Is it so hard to find a black mosaic rectangle wall mirror?? Help anyone? helpme	I don't need to hurt my friendships so that I can rely on them and vice versa when we need help.	0
Should I update to IOS 8 now? haha Goodniight lazy and sleepy. .. Cuddle buddy where are you?	I was clenching my fist all night from dream fighting, and I'm in pain so today I'm going to be positive so it doesn't happen again tonight.	0
Could time just stop for a minute so I could get everything done or take a break? tired	I could be better today but tomorrow is a new day	0
I've been doing homework since I got out of school. I'm about to blow up mad tired	There is a limit to the pressure and drama I can take per week which makes me tired, but I gain the confidence to face anything.	0
Almost 12:30 and all I can think about is how much crap I have to do tomorrow GoToSleep	I feel I need a drink after being at work for 2 hours. I got to change this behavior.	0
I seriously get the constant feeling that I'm going to throw up throughout the whole week of finals help	Does anyone ever block out entire periods of their lives and then years later remember everything just bc of a song????!!!!!! YEAH that just happened to me. so cool how our brain works	0
My tire is totally flat and I'm totally broke so what the heck am I going to do?	The he30 boiler is pretty bad and the makers need to examine it again to fix it.	0
crying because anatomy is killing me I have an amer.lit Project a paper for Humx a psych test and journals for com religion	I have a speech and history paper due which I have’nt started yet, but hope to finish on time.	0
Ugh I just feel sick all the time lately. I need a vaca that will get rid of this stress which is causing the sickness .	Cannot wait for my eyes to get better and catch up on college work!	0
My arms feel like jello man I can't even explain how much I hate these got damn crutches	I am feeling anxious about this final I am about to start, I am only feeling like this because I know how important doing good at school is	0
Every single thing that could of possibly gone wrong at work tonight Has!  soclosetoquitting notworthminimumwage	I'm so tired of everyone trying to make me put them before everything else. I'm sorry but i need to keep my focus.	0
My dress was never this short, i don't understand why it wont stay down, like what the problem	Prolonged rest only makes me appreciate working days as something that is necessary.	0
Why do I care so much about my gpa? I'm in college. All that matters is I graduate.	Looking forward to just kicking back and enjoying some wine for tonight!	0
This operation has really taken it out of me and people are just so selfish!!!!	I need to rest so that my stress decreases so I can continue my tasks	0
Totally bombed that math test. Now I gotta get an A on the next 2 or im gonna fail the class and loose my scholarship freakingout	I have so much packing to do before I go out of town for a week on Sunday, but that will be a great experience at all	0
I want to shove a box of tissues up the nose of the guy sitting next to me. STOP SNIFFING.	Hate to wait for nails to dry but when they do they look amazing.	0
And they closed Now have to wait until 9 am to find out if I can go to prom	I think I could lower the amount of insults I say a little.	0
When you thought you were on a page with someone and then it seems you got it wrong humiliation	If I have faith, everything will work in the end, God is with me.	0
I hate finals week !. It's so boring finials studying tests bored tired alotofwork wishitwasdoneal	I will be there for him and not leave his side.	0
They should let 2 toddlers in to the cube with there toys then send the contestant in after them to tidy up!	I wrote a ton of notes for my criminology exam. I need to organize them better, but I am determined to pass this exam.	0
How has all this hype about the bbm app not driven up the stocks for blackberry?!	I will take a really amazing nap and wake up feeling better.	0
The moment when you wish you had the answers to whats happening inside your head.scared confused	We've begun to approach the time of the year when every time I look at infinite campus my heart rate increases, but like every year before I will soon settle into a routine and forget why I was anxious in the first place.	0
still some more christmas shopping to go working the next two days is not going to help!	I got less than four hours of sleep last night studying to get the best grade I can on my Midterm! One more quick review before the test!	0
My brain is overloaded with so much crap that i can't get any sleep. My to do list is looking never ending.	I'm having a lot of difficulties at school now, but I know that with more effort I can improve it!	0
Being a parent is a million times harder than I ever thought it would be	I hope to find a good way to get out of this relationship.	0
There is so much I want to talk about and so much to say But no one to talk to, because no one understands.	At least when I put my headphones in my pocket they just make a knot and don't break	0
Is proof reading really that difficult? That's pretty much all you had to do for this paper. annoyed	I am feeling unprepared for a school meeting that is coming up, this is a good opportunity to organize my thoughts and prepare a good presentation.	0
Life stuck on repeat. Working 6 days not enough rest. Either I make to much or not enough for my own place.	I may be stressing about my class, but I'm glad that it's almost over with.	0
Im so sick of having all my stuff in three different places. Can't wait until I call Philly home with my stuff finally together	All types of work can be challenging regardless of what you are doing, I'm just going to focus on the results.	0
I'm gonna need this week to slow it down so I can have the time to get everything done. BusiestNext10DaysOfMyLife	I hope my hair would get set according to my taste.	0
Why does college have to be so stressful!!!!! Another night of no sleep so I hopefully will pass my history exam!!! :(	I hope time starts going faster so that I can finish school quickly.	0
So much for getting to sleep by 10 .. I hate my neighbours so much	Everything will be ok, I will find a way to make everything work! I always do!	0
Right now I am feeling a lot Sickly Achy Sad Worried Tired Annoyed . . .did I miss anything? WantToJustSleep &	He did not do kickboxing for 2 weeks, He will be so happy when he will get to the gym.	0
guess u should inform Hat that he wants me! ROFL.i deleted my pathetic tweets..hopefully before he read them	I hope people in my building are more considerate when doing laundry.	0
Well today has been stressful! I think I need a spa day when this bloody fmp is over!	To live is to die. However, sadness is inevitable.	0
I hate the angle looking straight down, I can't even watch when that's on skywire wallenda Must remember to breath	My job as a lifeguard is hard but I get to save peoples lives which is amazing.	0
I'm so exhausted but I can't sleep because all I can think about is how much homework I have	I know I'll be able to do well on the exam tomorrow despite the difficulties today	0
Really just wanna have a few drinks and forget about the past, present and future for awhile	Today's game was so intense, I had a great time, everyone gave their all!	0
Try doing all three in the matter of minutes" : I need to get drunk, or high, or laid, or fucked up.	When my crisis passes I will be able to remember the moments of stability and I will be thankful that it returns my calm.	0
I'm a few days late and now after watching the summer finale for PLL You've officially takin over my life!	Best place to go when I need a break. Love the pond	0
Can the defense please show up scared where gonna lose a game after 10 point lead to start half	My phone was supposed to be in 1 to 3 days, and now it is expected to be in 8 days, but that is all fine since it is a good phone anyway	0
Being sick for 3 weeks put me so far behind and now its midterm week	Though it's been a hectic day, I'm grateful that I am still employed when unemployment looms large.	0
Woke up late as hell so I'm taking an uber to work so I can make it to this 9AM meeting and not be sweaty and	I spend a lot of energy buying stuff on the internet, but I'm so happy when I get it.	0
I'm sunburnt and over thinking things and I'm basically never going to sleep and maybe I'll cry a little mynight	I'm ok with having been the first to use Common Apps because someone had to do it.	0
Bad thoughts get out of my head, there is no place for you with all these midterms.	I'm so thankful to be offered a promotion at my job.	0
I hate being so poor :'( Money worries have got to be the worst stress ever. That and worrying about your health :(	I am really exhausted but after a break I will be up and ready to go again.	0
Is it weird that advising appointments actually make me want to cry my eyes out? Maybe it's because it's right before SB. done	I'm going to take a day to relax by myself and come back recharged and ready for what comes next!	0
I need a new job and it's so hard to find one in Troy Ugh.	I want to go back to school, I miss my friends. But I have to be safe also.	0
Weekend where u at? Hurry i need my lie in and a day to just relax and chill	Be careful when you are stressed. It hurt someone	0
They only way to end this week is with a couple cold ones and a nice round of golf or two	I never thought I could be like this with you. It hurts, and I don't like it. However, that's just life, and I'll get through this.	0
Drawback of owning your own business paying quarterly taxes. Especially two months before your wedding.	I'm grateful to at least go to college, which few people can.	0
I'm so freaking tired I feel like I haven't had a day to sleep in in forever, and I've got so much crap to do	I have to take a day off work to do my project tomorrow but at least now I know I need to start earlier.	0
I have literally had a chic fila sandwich and 2 granola bars between 9 am and now. Surprisingly I'm not that hungry.	I hope next week turns out better than this one.	0
In 25 hours I will be at the airport. I have a lot to do between now and then!!!	I hope and pray that we don’t have our tennis meet on Saturday.	0
I Have Soo Much To Do, In Very Little Time ! Ready For This Week To Be Over Already !	I'll make it until Friday, and then I can go through anything at school!	0
I need an assistant to keep track of all of the applications I am receiving for an assistant.	No one is here to help me at the counseling office, but I'm sure they'll show up soon.	0
Seriously so annoyed that my family pushes me so hard and barely notices when I make achievements. Cut me a freaking break.	I think I'll plan myself a nice vacation soon.	0
Coffee, I need coffee! I've got water in the bathroom, that sounds ok but it isn't. That water is infiltrating from the roof.	Everything will be ok, no point in stressing over tings I can't control!	0
The day when I actually need to talk to my mom is the day she's impossible to reach. ugh	I am getting nervous as I just cannot call into work and I work at 7.30 a.m I hope the problem gets solved.	0
Have to finish all my Christmas shopping this weekend on half of a paycheck cause I don't get paid again till AFTER Christmas	I know that tomorrow I will get to rest, and restart my energies!	0
sometimes all u need is a peace and quiet place..cause everything around you is so loud and	I can't wait for my holiday it will be the best.	0
Parents allow their children to skip school because it is cold or they're stressed. My parents never got that memo.	I'm so happy I get to experience love, and that It comes from you.	0
Crying infront of people is the worst thing to me.. But that fact i couldnt help but cry soo much today kills me embarrassed	Finals are so hard but if I work hard then the results will be worth it.	0
They stupid ugly looking fucking trams!! Slow fuckers takes about an hour to get through princes street? The bus is overheating	A few friends and I are going to go out for some drinks tonight to celebrate being finished with the week.	0
Actually sick of me life feel so irritated. Wish 8 o'clock would hurry up so a can scran some pancakes then off work for 2 days!	I need to have my thesis idea and ways to defend it by tomorrow and I hope I succeed in it.	0
Shouldve gotten my softball bat sent to my work. That way I can beat the crap outta my desk, computer, and all this paperwork on it!	Studying will help me make great progress on my career.	0
If I didnt like my thick head of hair, Id be pulling it ALL out  ()	I admire my ability to think things through when I'm about to sleep, this next week I'm going to do that a lot.	0
I HATE printers and computers and all the other stupid things that don't do why they're supposed to do!	I need to speak with my mom about college and work together to ensure that I can go.	0
Not tryna do this college life no more swear it's whatever at this point  too much on my plate	I know my cooking skills, I know the food will be good	0
Whata fucking stressful night rarhh needastiffdrink pissedoff feellikeachode kill some bears on ac3 for me PLEASE	I'm glad I'm able to keep myself busy so that I don't have a mental breakdown.	0
You know your having a bad day when you lose your phone and forget your wallet, and my day hasnt even started.	I have a lot on my mind, but I need to try and relax and do some mindfulness techniques to calm myself down.	0
So much to do in so little time. Why do i leave everything till the last minute	I am confident that with the help of God, I will get through this.	0
This evidence vault is stressing me out to the max. Less than a week to go and I'm not completely done yet. TeacherProbs	Building work create a huge sound, I have to tolerate it.	0
I have searched up and down this house for my grandma's blanket And its not here	Some tobacco and a walk in the wilderness would be a good source of relaxation for me.	0
Everyone and everything is stressing me out Just knock it off, tomorrow is my birthday and I ain't having none of this crap.	I don't think your questions are clever enough to be asked to me. It would be better if you ask someone else.	0
Might be commuting for my last year of school depending on how well Mark's interviews go next month	These days have been busy, I am really thankful for all the people that are encouraging me	0
Why is it that every time I trust someone I either get hurt or I end up hurting the other person and they get mad at me.. Ugh..	I just keep telling myself that this season and semester will be over soon!	0
Im telling you one of these days im gonna completely snap and that person is getting a full 20 years of anger held back	My week is full of project, this is going to be so productive for me and my future!	0
I need a drink. A stiff one. Which might be a problem, considering it is 10.50am.	Some of my professors scheduled finals for next week. At least I have seven days to study.	0
Why does it take 1 hour to checkin at Luton have you not heard of online checkin (without charging) crazy timewaste	I need to get earlier sleep so that I don't have mental breakdowns early in the morning.	0
That moment when I realize all three of my mid term papers are due a week from todaylol	I'm thankful for my family and the time I get to spend with them.	0
What a busy day: trying to meet a deadline, watch my daughter perform at the civic center, and a friends wedding!	The homecoming and all this is making me stressed, but when the week is over things will go back to normal.	0
So sick of being fat. I just want my size 7/9's back. Mainly 7's, but still. Slowly but surely.	I hope I get an A for the paper I just answered.	0
I've put on weight, and my arms have gotten bigger, so why am I not throwing harder?!	Until Friday, I will have my book review, test and book presentation all done.	0
Please be praying, I woke up sick and throwing up and my throat is sore and feels swollen again.	Is it ok to feel insecure about the amount of stress that comes with self-publishing?	0
Headphones in and music blaring. Gotta get away from this crazy world for a little bit.	I'm so lucky there's so many amazing TV shows on TV lately.	0
Dear lord, allow me to get through the next few weeks without committing a crime. finals	Next time, I'll study enough to know the entire content of the exam	0
At this rate, I am probably going to have a mental breakdown sometime before Spring Break	I have a lot of studying to do but at least it will make me smarter and more knowledgeable.	0
Tomorrow will consist of reconvening my job search and endlessly applying, applying, applying! Wish me luck angels and forgive me if I seem a bit absent from time to time!	I am going to make some smarter health decisions and remeber I need to eat even if I feel anxious.	0
Student teaching is like a semester long test that no one can fully prepare you for. notagoodtesttaker	I know God challenges us with things we must overcome, but it would be great to let some breaks in inbetween.	0
Its so hard to take care of a baby all by yourself and with No sleep -_- . .!!!!!!!	I should finish the weights project even if it is not due tomorrow as I can be stress-free after that.	0
I just can't wait until that 3:00 bell rings this Friday, and I'm officially done with this semester. tired	It's finally Friday and I have finished moving and the car search.  Soon it will be time to relax.	0
Feels impossible to get a break. James Vane is back and managing to ruin my life.	Luckily, they were nice and just wanted to make an order.	0
I need remotework remotejobs in dataentry or anything allowing me to WorkFromHome - strong preference to spreadsheet for 8 hrs a day/40 hrs a week. Tired of killing myself with overwork No lunches, driving 8+ hours, missing days off and dr appointments! IsThisLegal	I know my grandma is only trying to help I need to talk to her about how I feel.	0
I've had a cup of fruit loops and a half of pretzel the last four days Probably not good ohwell	I love video games they’re great for escapism from daily life. Cant wait to play again.	0
Not knowing is the worst part. I'm so nervous about something that could be fine but could also turn out awful. didthistomyself	I can finally enjoy my phone more, thanks to the developers for putting the option to turn voice over off!	0
I have so much anxiety right now waiting in this terrible check out line I could literally cry late	This may be one of those weeks when everything feels off, but, not to worry, I always get on top of things when I get an opportunity to clear my head, and I definitely will come up with a game plan.	0
This party trying its best to be expensive, but i know i can get around it crazy	Teachers ought to give more time to students for project work. This would result in a smooth and timely completion of projects.	0
Why do teachers think we need finals, all they do is stress us out and make us look like we dont do shit in class	I'm worried about no partial credit on the PRAC tomorrow. I haven't passed a quiz yet, but I will, and it's going to be all right.	0
Trapping us by giving us school debt.. Now I know why people rob banks. TO PAY THE BANKS BACK. Fuck.	I’m lucky that I have someone that I can have a cry to when I’m feeling down.	0
This is the time of year where you think to yourself "would living as a hobo really be that bad?" School	Today was productive because I spent the major part of the day researching graduate schools, veterinary schools and the Peace Corp.	0
I haven't slept I been up since 6 and all I'm doing is over thinking every possible thing right now I hate feelings	I find it pretty strange that people do not read wedding invites cover to cover.	0
On the other hand, I feel like I am drowning. Remind me why I need a degree? Can't I just nap professionally? dying	I'm glad I have plenty of time and I can decide what to do, there are many possibilities.	0
I hate making big decisions that I know will impact the rest of my life.	I might have a lot of homework, but they will help me with the midterm	0
I wonder if I actually get a nights sleep between now and the day I walk down the aisle because its not seeming likely atm	I can't wait to go to sleep tonight and get up all fresh and well rested tomorrow morning.	0
I just need my time to breathe and think about today a little bit. That's all I ask..	I am hoping against hope not to be a drunken mess in fundee tonight	0
I don't know what's worse trying to get amazon tickets for or trying to get an appointment at my bloody doctors!	I hope my computer would go back to how it was before crashing, So that I don’t miss anything in the finals’ week.	0
So I went from weighing 115lbs to 103. Uh. Not good. Time to go see a doctor.	I am feeling a bit sick, but I have work and nursing classes tomorrow. I hope to be alright soon.	0
So much has happened the past week and I don't even know who to turn too	During this stressful time, its important that I take time to look after myself.	0
Ohhhh weeee I am so on edge/ crabby tonight. You know it's bad when I can even tell annoyed	My to do list is miles long and somewhat overwhelming. I'm going to prioritise and then knock off a few quick wins so I feel like I'm making progress.	0
I want my mama to come sing me lullabies and play with my hair until I fall asleep like I'm a little kid again.	I have so much work to do, and I'm in A&E with my brother, we will be seen soon, and I can get on with my work	0
Sleep would be nice..wish I could turn my brain off for a few hours insomnia	My oven is broken, and I am going to host Thanksgiving next week, feeling a little anxious right now but I'm sure the new one will be delivered in time!	0
What's the deal with lagos traffic! After a hard days job! And u still have to battle to get home. Smh.	I was scared because I forgot to save my paper but I rock and I found it back! Thanks God	0
I wanna be on the beach, tanning, and getting pampered all day long for a week. orlonger	Notice your breathing right now. Be thankful for the fact that you are breathing. Slow down and breathe deeply	0
TGIF now I know that I had a restless sleep when it took a few tries to type in Tgif a few times! Again!	There is only one more homework left, and I can already get my things and finally go to the convection. Greaaaaaat	0
If I don't pass this English test tomorrow I may as well go live in a hole and stay there for the rest of my sad life.	1 exam down, 4 exams and a 7-10 page paper to go. Proud of my progress so far!	0
super stressed. but no time to write. too tired for poetry. definitely no time for art. pent-up emotions.	If I don't pass English I don't get my diploma this year. So i'm going to study really hard in order to pass.	0
You know that annoying person clicking their pen constantly in class? That was me today Sorry y'all.	I have a lot of things to do before prom but I am excited because the prom is coming up.	0
I hate that coursework has word limits! How am I meant to cut out 500 words?!	I’m sure things will get better soon. I am possitive.	0
i am so sorry I have not been on that much. training has been really difficult + I haven't gotten much sleep. be on tmrw	Are you feeling overwhelmed by gap year planning? Come to me! I can help you!	0
I have so much to do in the next 3 months that I don't even know where to begin	Being responsible with money will get me farther than just mindlessly spending it on things I don't need.	0
Hate it when my parents bitch about eachother Feel so in the middle of this	This furniture has an excellent quality, I think it has a good durability. Now, I need to organize myself to get more space and put my things back.	0
Only in college do you get a 7-9 minute speech assigned on a Friday due on Monday ahhhhhhh	Done for today. Tomorrow I am going to have fun.	0
hate typing on a computer. I can never press the letters in the right order.	I've been declined twice, but I'm determined to get published.	0
Well, that sucks. I just got a 32 out of 48 on my Spanish homework. Sucks SoHard HML	I hope I get into a better frame of mind going forward so that I can get things done quickly.	0
kinda forgot about all the projects that their due dates are coming up woops procrastination	Some days you need to let yourself feel those emotions	0
Are you living The American Dream? Oh waitis the American Dream not having a near panic attack nearly everyday from student loan stress? studentloans theamericandream	I'm thankful for my faith that gets me through hard times.	0
Feel like spending one of those full days in bed , When even getting up for food is optional lazy tired	Just finished a noisy shift at work, would love to have a quiet place to write at home.	0
This whole virus thing is really starting to stress me out. I haven't worked in a month. I hate feeling like I depend on someone. Check on your server friends. WeAreNotOk I need money man. HelpUs WeNeedToWork desperate	Mental health, nowadays, is fragile. Sometimes the existential emptiness claims alcohol and drugs.	0
4 hours at the library and I've still got at least 2 hours of work to do today alone	It is difficult to cope with Treatment resistantance, as it can cause depression, anxiety and PTSD. Since I had major health crisis recently and had been let down many times, I am not keeping high hopes on new medicine.	0
I've seriously just wanted to sit down and cry for the last few days but, I'm afraid if I start crying, I won't be able to stop.	It says the pictures I'm looking for are not in the gallery. If I can't find them, I can always use someone elses.	0
When all you want to do is sit down for 5mins after work.. But mum asks you to do something LEAVE ME FOR 5MINUITES!!	My new painting isn't that good. I'm not putting it on social media until I improve and try for a better one next time!	0
My life is crazy right now so sorry that I'm not tweeting funny things much. :-( hectic	I would love to be done with this week so that I can have a fresh start next week.	0
Hate it when someone opens the door, comes into my room and leaves without closing the door	I'll make sure I pay everything I owe for Bill	0
Can someone plz tell me if im wrong for having a girls day out wit my sis in law and my bf Not go???	Time to learn from everything that happened!	0
If I didn't finish all my exams next Thursday I think I would actually have a break down	I am going on vacation to take rest.	0
Stupid bloody book shop is closed for 2 days, really not helping with the stats revision and I'm gunna need all the help I can get	Even though my daughter has no money at the moment I am quite sure the state will move in to help her.	0
I actually might have to either walk or ride my sisters bike down to college tomorrow! exam	I've only had two days of class and I already wish it was winter break. Hope classes get more interesting.	0
i hate for someone to text me only bc they saw me post on twitter or instagram. feels like you're stalking	This weekend has been tough, but next weekend will be better.	0
Dreading next week but then again least ill have all my assignments done! Just right now it sucks	Patiently sitting in the little auto service rooms at Canadian Tire gives me the opportunity to clear my head.	0
sick of being a grownup today random question. If you were on masterchef, what would be your signature dish?	I am stressed out right now, but I'm glad I gave up the substance abuse. I can make it without that.	0
I want my mummy to hold me and tell me everything is going to be ok.	I am really furious at the moment, but I know I will cool down soon.	0
I only have a test tomorrow, a track meet, a chem 2 test Wednesday, a senior thesis paper due Thursdaynot a bust week at all	I'm thankful for my alone time so that I can recharge myself.	0
Everyday I leave school with a developed migraine from the one I had when I woke up	Laughing is the best way to deal with difficult times	0
Wedding planning is impossible when you have a full time and a part time job.	We had some problem this week but god put them in our way to show us he love us.	0
Not being able to sleep<;<; ive got too much on my mind and all i can think about is losing her	I wish Christmas Eve were an official holiday. It would make it so much easier to get shopping and wrapping done, especially when the weather is so bad!	0
I seriously have the memory of a gold fish, how am I supposed to remember 13 paragraphs in german!?	A long walk can chill you out making the hashtag ; MoveAMuscleChangeAThought  true.	0
I am seriously a dumbass. I'm almost 19 and I still don't know what I wanna be when I grow up. nottheslightestclue crying	I feel like breaking things sometimes, but it is important to get out my anger sometimes.	0
I just want to run off on vacation just me and my new car..I mean it hasn't disappointed me yet anyways.	I'm just crying at every little thing that has to do with the next week, but when that week goes by, I'll be fine.	0
Make list. Slowly start getting things done. My night should be loads of fun. seniorproblems	I value the time spent with my friends this summer, and I enjoy the summer experiences I do have with friends more when I ignore the clock and cherish every moment of time.	0
Life is excruciatingly hard right now, and I'm sick of it! But I can't put my mind elsewhere! overtired overthinking	So lucky to have such an amazing baby, they sometimes cry but all babies cry. It's worth the nights up.	0
Still home from school sick gonna pay big time when i get back should be doing homework all weekend on the plane :( st	It's so great that I have a friend which I can open up to and vent about everything.	0
Only just in from school and I need to muck out and ride 3 horses, write two essays and do loads of other school work	On the last day before Xmas break students gave to me 84 ungraded essays and a stressful long weekend. But after I'm done i can enjoy the holiday.	0
So stressed out about school! Praying I make it through these next two weeks! Come on May 9th!! tired	I'm frustrated with my computer, but I have no choice but to redo my work.	0
Can't pay rent in full but at least I'm going on vacation in less than a week hah	I miss the days of sleeping in and not having work to do, but I'm thankful for where I'm at today.	0
My 11:30am - 3:30pm class ended TODAY back to 11:30am - 5:30pm classes TOMORROW NoBreak  Stressed both mentally and physically	I‚Äôm going to get some shots soon would make this indiana game great.	0
Massive EPIC FAIL I'm on 24kg and I haven't got everything in yet!! ICANTDOTHIS help	If I go to the doctor my stomach will be alright.	0
Worst part of starting a new job is quitting your old one still trying to figure out how to tell my boss I'm leaving	It’s not good when you can sleep only for 2 hours due to over thinking, but you have to be grateful that you are not in depression.	0
Is having a bloody bad day!! Think I'll go back to bed, my grinch switch has well and truly been flicked!!	I hope I have a good night's sleep so that I get into a better frame of mind soon.	0
hurry up summer holiday and finish as everything is well expensive to do anything with th children,	I appreciate my mum helping me out with Kyron whenever she can.	0
I've been doing work for the past 2 hours and I feel like I'm getting no where with it	I am upset about the post office not giving me a letter, but still I am sure I can get it from them.	0
And it's a race to watch an entire season of on before millions of others to avoid spoilers.	Travel is good for the health.	0
well, i guess i never truly understood the stress of a wedding. hard if youve never been married before. i sure as hell get it	I guess not all university is perfect but I am here to get my degree and that's mostly what happens.	0
Lord, I need Your help. There's no way I can do this alone. Amen.	I think I am stressing out myself due to excessive work out, so I need to relax a bit.	0
This is the worst week for me to be drowned in homework! Too much going on all at once!	I have become an expert at planning my week down to the minute. I am so thankful I have a planner.  Without it, I have NO IDEA what my overscheduled life would be like.	0
Can't believe it is almost Thanksgiving already! I have so much to do before I graduate in 3 weeks	These Korean dramas aren't making me feel good. I should stop watching them.	0
Bought my revisions books with me to work so i can do a bit during my lunch break. Revision is killing me!	Penicillin 4 times a day for the next 2 weeks? No problem! I can do this.	0
That moment when I feel very stressed yet I can't get anything accomplished I could use some serious help!! tired	I just have one more final to go, and I'll be all done!	0
I really hope my advisor shows up /: I'm worried I signed up for the wrong classes	2 cereal bars and a cup of tea in 15 hours is not ideal. But I can take it because I love being a nurse.	0
Greatnow I get terrible news of what happened to my brother..god. When will it all end?	Good sleep habits like minimizing caffeine and alcohol closer to bedtime and ensuring 7 to 8 hours of sleep a night, are great ways to sleep peacefully and wake up all fresh the next day.	0
One more final today, one tomorrow and a portfolio due Thursday and ill be done! wow timeflies freshmen break excited tired	I have a few more months to know where I'm going. This is a great opportunity to grow as a person	0
In REALLY fucking tired of being informed of new responsibilities at work via lecture, as if I've been doing it wrong and should have been doing it this way all along. Now I have to fight wanting to cry the rest of the day.	I am just going to laugh instead of crying about this question.	0
Just did a mock test and failed  not looking forward to the actual test tomorrow yikes	I am proud for respecting myself and waiting for him to come to me.	0
Weekend needs to hurry up, cant wait to get away from everything just for a few days	I have a test which is an opportunity to show off what skills I have and learn where my weaknesses are.	0
Lost my wallet in a Disney park and I need it tomorrow to get on the plane, but I'm not sure which park I lost it in.	I will finish paying what I owe and next time I will learn to control my spending	0
I just wanna go home and curl up in a ball and stay there all night..	Sometimes I just need to start with one thing, so I can do everything I have to do.	0
I think I may fall sick because of Airtel customer care IVR call and ACT internet speed :|	I will stop worrying about the business project because learning is part of life	0
Can I just sleep a few days and get my life together before I go back to school?  " my thoughts exactly!!!!! :(	We did a ton of staying up late in the library doing group work, but at least we are better prepared for the exam.	0
Direct debit review by and they want to more than double it! How? Why? No idea how I afford this. :( worried	My insomnia has been pretty bad lately but I'm glad I can still function.	0
about getting car back from France, getting disabled mother to hospital for dentistry. Fed up with Nationwide UK.	I think the government needs to reform our healthcare system.	0
Really wish I could have a lie in tomorrow. Going to be so hard getting up at 6 tired	I quit my school because of exams.	0
Im so confused and stressed. I just dont know what i want to do with my future anymore and that completely terrifies me.	I am looking forward to being in good health, pack, finish homework and finals and drive for 4 hours.	0
Everyday i get thru I praise God and every week I get thru I praise Him even morethis school stuff is no joke.	I have a hard exam coming up but if I study really hard I know I can do great on it.	0
I am just really really really really really really really really really really really confused.	Lucky that I have a warm bed to sleep in even though I cant quite get the temperature right for my feet.	0
All the due dates that seemed so far away are suddenly here all at the same time	Farm needs a lot of work to be kept and it's normal sometimes to feel overwhelmed.	0
It really sucks when you have to claw your way to 40 hours of work a week in order to stay above water	Graduation is nearing, and I am not able to decide what I want to do. Hope God will help me in my decision.	0
i think me and will be ready for the christmas break after the last few weeks stressed x	When people are thinking about other things they usually do things wrong so it's normal.	0
This night was a mix of too hot, too cold and nightmares. This is taking me to my limits. -.-	I am smart, and I work hard, I'm sure that it will pay off soon.	0
Was on facetime with him for 2 1/2 hours. Just wish I didn't get into a fight with mom when she got home sad frustrated	The 44 is late going into town every Friday night, which wastes my money, but I'm glad to at least get there.	0
Man Mondays really make Friday seem so far away.. Already in need of the weekend.	I must save money for my future plans.	0
I'm running out of shows to watch on my DVR Things that are on their now are things I have to wait to watch with other people.	Lost in thought while thinking about the game. Game's almost over	0
just realized I havent eaten all day oops Math homework? I suppose + gaga music<;3 bored drained Nosleep	Taking some time off will do me good, I need to restart and take care of my mental health.	0
I'm always the bad guy in my house. Times like this I'm ready to move out.	I was worried about my wedding dress, but I'll get some sleep, and just relax about it.	0
Chem, presidents, 100 terms, and some vocab. no, that was not a good morning. bored	This is the worst sleep I had in a minute, but thank God tomorrow will be a better day.	0
15 hours to go!! I definitely need a drink after this 60hour week I have done in work!! tired needadrink	I need to wake up at 4am but at least I get to warch the sunrise and be more productive in the day.	0
I have to graduate college next semester, and become a certified Notary and Small Business Specialist in the next few months  ..	Our office building started flooding about four hours ago but I’m sure it will be sorted.	0
worst part about the end of the school year is when you get tons of homework	I hope the coming weeks will reverse the luck I have been having all these days.	0
I am sooooo grumpy right now. Dev environment fucking up, being split so many ways Uuuugggggghhhhhh	A lot of bad things happen today, but soon it will be over.	0
Time to get lost into my work, and crash out with my baby girl finals tired	I had a nightmare with flrogs and spiders but thanks God I woke up!	0
I really just miss the feeling of your comforting arms when things got tough. You were my bestfriend  roughweek	A-level physics is really hard. I might be as bright as Einstein when I'm done.	0
The fact that im stuck dealing with my wisdom tooth and everyone needs a favor from me or something makes me feel more in pain grr	Flat tire, wasp stings, traffic wardens, broken tree branches have made my day a bit tough, but I feel some alcohol would lift my spirits up.	0
I have like one month to decide what college I want to go to, and what for. On top of that I'm moving back to maine.	I'm eager to complete my online schoolwork, so I will be free to play before Ayva gets here.	0
Done so much research for this interview that I will actually be shocked if they ask me a question I haven't heard before!	I can't wait to get done with this essay and start my Christmas Break.	0
There's nothing a walk and a little John Mayer can't handle! pissed hating the world	I value determination, so even though I was an hour late to my interview, I still went.	0
Excuse me while I become a hermit for the next two months so much work to do in such little time	I know that tomorrow will be a better day!	0
I've lost more weight from these stressful 2 weeks than I did from running every single day. crazy	The constant control of others over my life made me realize that I have to be independent.	0
In bed early ready for my boxercise class in the morning someone's going to get a beating! boxing anger	Locked my keys in the car just before I was heading to the library that was good.	0
Why is it that when one thing starts to go wrong, everything else follows right on with it?	Trying to write a 10 -page paper while also trying to study for exams is not fine but you can master the art of doing two jobs at a time.	0
I need a break..i need a vacation..i need to go to a far away place and i just wanted to be alone.. exhausted .	As I don’t feel good with much work to do, a good sleep would freshen me up.	0
How am I supposed to focus worrying about her all day Not talking in 12 hours?	Time to looking for a new flat, even if I have to pay two rents.	0
Flipping between game 7 east SC final and the Tigers game, while also trying to keep up on softball games	I'm so ready for the start of this game!	0
Sick off the pressure to get a good grade in maths gcse  stressed about it	Even though I have a lot going on, I always make sure to put my friends first.	0
Seems like I'm getting less and less sleep every night. Laying wide awake. WouldLoveToSleep ToManyThoughts	Trying my best to do well	0
I always have the worst experiances ordering pizza. Never in my life will I order another damn pizza!!	Is it the wrong time to get a chief's hat or hoodie. I've wanted one for like 2 years	0
I want it to be the weekend so bad but i have soo many finals things due friday.. hurryup waitdont	I hope that next year is a better year for my family although I am happy that everyone is together.	0
Don't know about anything or anyone anymore..  annoyed stupid ugh roughtimes dumbthing life LifeProblems overwhelmed	I know it's probli not up there on your list of priorities but what is the dress code for next sat?	0
All the stupid dress websites only have stupid looking dresses that stupid people would wear!	Going to my homeland in makati to get some magnet that is the place which makes me happy.	0
Sorry I haven't tweeted in a while. I have a loooot of sheet to do.	I managed to survive a heart attack and I think that’s pretty cool.	0
Crap drive home. Wish some people would learn how to drive properly in bad weather and not be so selfish	Still need to work on my paper and pack, so I need to learn to manage my time better!	0
Calculus test friday and have I studied?? No! Because of organic chemistry! I can never win I swear. ihateschool	Even though shopping is sucks, on prom day I'll be beautiful	0
if anyone needs me for the next 24 hours, ill be packing my life away	I may feel tense living in this house but I'm just glad to have a roof over my head.	0
Wish I still stayed in PC , so i can go to house and pour my little heart out .!!!!	Ok, I have a ton on my plate this week. I have to done to be stressfree	0
Currently having a nervous breakdown about my exam tomorro. Someone give me a cuddleor two :(	We'd just sent a mailing out for too. maybe they were busy.	0
Also spent an extra hour and a half back at school to get some art done	I got some work done but not enough, I need to try and do better managing my time.	0
My to do list is getting ridiculous. Someone hurry and get me to the end of the semester	That bus driver was driving too fast but bus companies do a lot of good for society in general.	0
Completely drained after taking all these meds and being sick for 6 days needtostudy 2midterms	We need to reorganize our priorities to keep my employers happy with our deadlines and work.	0
WOW another day off.I havn't worked since friday because work has gotten so slow :/ Idk what i'm going to do	Almost 3 weeks waiting to hear if someone has cancer is too long, but I'm thankful the NHS will help me with my treatment.	0
I swear all this stress got me goin crazy low-key,last night I stayed up till 3 talking to myself about where I'm going in life	This was a rough week of complaining but things are going to look up.	0
Bad day.. Nearly dropped my fone down the toilet at work and bank has pissed me off	I’m excited to focus on myself for a few days.	0
Taking a bath to de-stress before Habitat. Unfortunately, I can only think about what if the bath fell through the floor Neurotic	We will talk things through again and hopefully improve our relationship, no need to be rude to each other.	0
Carter is being so naughty tonight!! Broke both of his brand new remote control monster trucks!!	Homework are supposed to hard and the teachers do not have an easy job to do.	0
I wish I can say my life is where I wanted it to be but its not. I really need to push myself to get where I want to be.	I cannot wait to have a holiday immediately.	0
I think I'm going home to take old school cold and flu tablets, will write a poem, edit a video and write about Kafka	I will be very happy when the exams are finally over.	0
There is not enough hours in the day to complete all the cleaning and look after three kidsthey destroy everything	I know that I will do well in my exam, as I'm preparing really hard for it.	0
They say ppl only smoke to cope with stress. That's why I only smoke socially, because ppl stress me the fuck out. introverted	It is somewhat stressful for being accused of things I have not done. I hope people understand me.	0
I just spent 15 minutes studying for a chem test, then i realized that test was today and I already took it oops	I am going to learn a lot from the challenging class I have with Mr. Misumi.	0
It's 5 in the morning and i cant sleep cause you got me so mad, over something so done imdone	Even though I'm confused, I know everything will work out in the end.	0
Fuck this whole plan I'm bout to build a different path smh people just don't know what they have until its gone	From March, I will work how I said.	0
Someone remind me why I wanted to get out of high school so badly..Finals will be the death of me	I'm really exhausted with school at the moment but if I get good grades it will open lots of opportunities for me.	0
I'm being guilted by a cat mewing at me outside when I put my bin out, why isn't it at home it's too cold  I'm allergic	I have a lot on my mind but I know he'll be back soon from basketball and then we can chat.	0
Last night at the Dress for Less and boards in the morning. Ready for it to be tomorrow night already.	I will try to microwave my food first, that way my coworkers won't have to worry about me being annoyed by trivial things.	0
This has been a long week. I hope I pass the induction test tomorrow so that I don't have to worry about it later on.	I'm getting better, today I didn't throw up.	0
Just thinking about this whole semester has me breaking out so bad. notattractive come have a girls day with me! :'{	I can't wait to be finished with the next 5 days so that I can have a relaxing thanksgiving break.	0
I just wanna cry myself to sleep and not get up for a couple of weeks.	Feeling stressed at the moment but I know I will learn and grow from these experiences.	0
The fact tht my body reacts badly to healthy food. It's used to junk food or heavy food <;<;<;<;<;  Sad..	I have a 15-page essay due next week, and I have written only my teachers name by now. But I'm sure good ideas will come, and I'll finish it!	0
I just had to fail the only subject that could add a year on to my degree sotypical	Working all night long, and I will have this work done.	0
So many things to do in the next two weeks deep breaths finals projects stressed	I need to learn how to not let what other people think affect me.	0
I am dreaming of a day where I am not stressing out about tests/school/work. miserable	Even though I feel as I am overwhelmed, I am strong to keep it under control and I will.	0
5 college essays to write, 9 colleges to apply to and Weyants essay overwhelmed crying myself to sleep ughghghghghghghgh	I was not planning going to school more but I see it will be worth it.	0
Transferred case taking me 2 days to work on. And trying to work with the money	I need to learn how to let go of other people's problems and focus on myself.	0
Sometimes I just want to sit in the dark in my room and think of nothing.just sit there and stare into the darkness.	Despite my work being crazy annoying today, I am thankful that I still have a job that pays my bills.	0
I need some Brianna time. annoyed Crazy kids NeedsPrayer NeedsWine Start screaming in to pillow now.	Even though I don't have many followers on instagram right now, I know that eventually I will be popular.	0
Feeling like if I don't get outta bed I won't have to deal with this	I can't wait to be done with attending school as it is not my cup of tea.	0
All I want to do is take a super hot bubble bath an blast Tswift	Having a rough day, but I know tomorrow is going to be better.	0
Zach got verbal orders today but I cant tell anyone where were moving to until he gets hard orders soo Im	Even though I can't stop thinking, I can get through this without the use of drugs.	0
i cant even pick my courses for school cause there's seriously nothing that i can take. masseyproblems	Two quizzes and a challenge these days and a take a look at and quiz the next day taking 3 summer season classes in six weeks turned into a high-quality concept.	0
I thin this is the earliest I have ever done homework on a sat. So busy with work til thurs	Even though it's late, and I have to be up early, I'm just glad that I am able to find time to work on this paper.	0
Feel like crying, no way am I guna get this work done :( only got myself to blame LeaveEverythingToTheLastMinute :-(	I feel really rough at the moment but I’m sure I will be feel better soon.	0
If anything I wish I had more homework. That way I'd be so busy I wouldn't realize how tired I am. exhausted	Feeling excited to write an exam. Let's do it!	0
Really Getting sick of being short on money. I can't wait until these businesses take off	I can't wait to finish learning physics and understand the concepts.	0
dont know how im tired when im in bed by 9 every night! tired old	Time for me to learn to manage my time better, so I'm not so tired,	0
I hate when your dreams make you wake up with a heart that's beating too fucking fast ugh!	It's good to be on a holiday right before my finals, It's going to help me relax and to get to the exams with my head on the right place	0
Animation Concepts teacher is HORRIBLE and does not know how to engage or teach. smh	I got some bad news. I'm going to spend the rest of the day as me time.	0
It's one of those nights where everything is crashing down and all I wanna do is cry.	I am angry and feel like crying, but I seek the grace of God to help me.	0
I hate when my mom hides problems from me and then once I find out I have a panic attack.	Probably not a good idea to crack into my dads crate of beer before my interview tomorrow but it's happening. At least I'm relaxing and will be renewed for tomorrow.	0
Spend half my time on essays finding author names, dates and where things are published than actual writing	Looking forward to getting off work and enjoying this banging day in London.	0
it's hard to stay focused on studying whenever there's only one thing on my mind..	After the presentation, the exam and the essay, I'll have no more activities and will be able to relax	0
As the mama of a teenage daughter, I spend far too much time in bloody Primark! Knackered TooMuchShopping teenager	Clothes sizing is so difficult I never can find clothing in my size. I'm sure I can find something else for Christmas though.	0
Seriously one of these dogs are yours so get the fuck up and help look for them	This timed essay for tomorrow is not a big issue, but I hope not to fail in the prelim anyway.	0
Every time I look at my phone I be hoping its you but im always wrong might as well turn the phone off.	I need to respect this lady whilst I'm staying with her but after I can watch as much TV as I want.	0
sucks having no phone. my dumbass being drunk and dropping my phone in the damn toliet.	I hope this book that I am reading gets better as I come to the end of it.	0
Never been in such a rush in my whole life, got an hour to get food and get from one work to the other	I need to sit down and relax a bit, I'm sure everything will work out in the end!	0
everyone's on their way to arena and I probably wont even leave before 7 depressing	I thought the hardest week was the week before the show, not two weeks... But soon all this will be over, and I can relax.	0
I got picked for a case in jury duty that starts Monday. Same week as STRESSED	I'm not a big fan of the week before going back to college. Too much to do, no time to do it. But it's always exciting to get back there.	0
Almost witnessed the most horrible reck, me and four other cars would have been a goner!	Wish I could use the "ain't nobody got time for that" excuse for not doing my homework! But seriously - I should reduce procrastinating too much.	0
Can i just curl up in the back of the classroom and take a nap?:( collegekidprobs testday	ime to sit in the shower and cry and then mix myself a drink to carry on.	0
Think I'm gunna be admitted to a psych ward at this rate, pissed does not even begin to cover how annoyed I am CantCope	The sad times I am experiencing eventually will make me a tough person.	0
The fact that Pocahontas is on is slightly helping with the fact that I'm over thinking everything ever.	These rats will be kill soon and then I will be able to sleep.	0
Idk no more . Later on going to mall to apply and check on that one job.	I get headaches from crying, but thankfully I have a bottle of advil nearby.	0
I just wana hop on a plane and get outta here for a few weeks/months Need a break	I'm finishing my college work, soon everything will be back to normal.	0
This is already turning into a tough week and it only started 3 hours ago	I feel that I am not prepared for my human biological test. Something that would prevent me from going to school today would make me very happy.	0
If I make it to December 14th without loosing my mind or getting sick it will be a miracle	I need to learn how to understand my students better, so that way I can become a better teacher.	0
Waiting on one more grade to see if I pass statistics finals stressed not a numbers kinda gal	This situation is really pushing me too hard, I need a nice long time to relax I think.	0
There are two types of people in this world, people who hate you, and people who really hate you	Health workers are such heroes, they are the ones saving this country from COVID. I'm grateful to everyone involved and taking part!	0
I can't function anymore! This year has been crazy and it is getting crazier!! -_-	Even though more gets added to my plate, I have the strength to deal with it all.	0
The set up is rather fucked up theres like 5 halls I can tell that a lot of people will get lost, including me.	I bought four new lipsticks and candy during lunch. I know I can do better than that.	0
Arrg..I can't believe we have to wait till 4 to get our results. ..it sucks.	I have a lot of work to do so I’m going to prioritise the most important stuff and smash it.	0
The Time Is Going So Fast, I Wish I Had Sumone To Ave A Drink N A Laugh With These Last Few Days I Have	I'm really feeling good about my chances of getting this job!	0
Sometimes I just wanna let everything leave the way it is, order a pizza, sit on my bed and watch sad movies all night long.	I'm glad to have the opportunity to travel with my family after the year we've had, even though it still stresses me out sometimes.	0
you know im overwhelmed when i forget the date of my bestfriend's birthday. 9th? 8th?	I can't sleep, and my body hurts, but I called a doctor, so hopefully we can get through this	0
Got all this coloring due tomorrow  this is what i wanted for senior year not essays	While the holidays are overall a welcome relief, sometimes it could be disappointing and stressful.	0
Calc test down. Now if I can get my English paper, music paper, bio test, and chem test done I'll be happiest girl in the world.	I have to manage work, moving and divorce which is difficult, but life has taught me the art of managing things!	0
I'm starting to hate what alcohol does to people it's just not fun to deal with	Time is passing by so fast, I need to use it well!	0
All I can do is toss and turn.. Way too much on my mind Especially here lately :( nosleep roughday headache	You ever feel like applying for a job is a waste of time? Well, you shouldn't, because everyone fails sometime, and you should keep trying!	0
Trying to find a place to rent for a month in noida is impossible.. annoyed lastminutechange	I'm glad I realize that I'm a bit too much right now and need to scale it back.	0
All this stress is killing me I can't keep doing all of this work school family problem everything is killing me emotionally!	I'm very confused writing this script, but I know I'll get through this	0
I hope I go to sleep tonight and don't wake up for the next few days needabreak	Once I get through all of this homework I will feel much better.	0
I feel physically sick after noting down what I have on/to do each day this week and next	I feel better when I yell into a pillow. It is good to get out feelings like that.	0
Don't go to college, it's a trap. The amount of homework I have done this week is simply retarded. and I am no where near done	Paper due but I'm not neglecting my household. #cleaning	0
I seriously need town and there is no chance I'm going in this weather fuckoffrain	Christmas should always just be a time to spend with friends and family.	0
Why are teachers taking 500 point grades when we have test in less than a week?	I don’t like to be unproductive and lazy. There is so much to do in so little time, but I hope to finish it somehow.	0
NASH fashion show is in like 2 months and I'm not even half way done with my dress	Helping people can be draining, so I'm going to focus on what I need for a bit.	0
Lord, please give me peace and sanity to make it through the second half of this day.	Upset my parents are no longer helping me out but it is a good time to get a better paid job anyway.	0
A very long moving day comes to an annoying end. Sadly my cars not healthy, luckily I'm buying a new one tomorrow	That few minutes of sleep should help me feel refreshed.	0
It's going to be so nice to have a day off tomorrow after the past couple days I've had	I use the excuse that it is exam week to eat a disgusting amount of junk food, i have to stop this and think my healthy.	0
Just want all these daft prelims to be over and done with, absolutely hate history	Today's game is a home game so at least I don't have to ride on a bus.	0
I feel like its a problem if after work I feel worse then I did before. poor serverproblems	Scotty McCreery is one of the best.	0
OMG anyone would think my husband is on death row tomorrow not going on holiday! stressed moody Get some cases	I'm going to take a pill to make this headache go away. A few more hours and she will be gone	0
I am nursing a headache because it is so hot today. Now as I watch Fed's game, I think I will end up complety sick.	I have two days to fix the things I did wrong in the mock oral.	0
Its been a long n stressful day 4 me Lord knows I somtimes wonder how I due it or try atleast Lost Confused but still	When things seem to be going well, they always seem to get bad very quickly!	0
You know when the more you think about something the more it winds you up Yeah that  fuming cross annoyed angry out	A monday night takeaway will fix a bad day!	0
Just after applying my nail polish (so neatly may I add), mum decides to give me 100000 chores to do in an instant. Staaaaaaaap	I hope I am done with all my exams so that I do not have to worry too much about them.	0
Hate missing school 'cause then I get super behind in all my tough classes and have no idea how to do the homework.	Having a girlfriend far away can be difficult but having a girlfriend is nice.	0
I lay I'm bed at 9 bc I'm exhaustedwhy can't I ever fall asleep before 10???	I have to grow my patience instead of getting stressed out on something as imaginary as time!	0
So extremely exhausted. I have absolutely no patience for anything. What would it take to have some time to myself	Although it appears that I am struggling to juggle my tasks now, I am sure that in the future it will be a good learning experience.	0
if they really have a choice to end or pursue this miserable life .. why should they insist on keeping it! messed_out	I can't wait till exams are over so that I can get some rest and enjoy the rest from all the work I put in.	0
I'm seriously going crazy over here, so much going on in my life I just need a break. momlife finals keepingmyheadup	If I get any more emotional today they'll probably have to lock me away in a padded cell.	0
[Wrong!] stressed 3rdwheel ugly ignored those are all the things that happen when your the 3rdwheel	It's only 9:30 in the morning, just a few more hours and this day will be over.	0
A resume of last months it's had been hard to me hate this situations and moments anxiety overthink	I'm glad I have friends to relax with once I get time off.	0
Felling blah, down, stressed. I sometimes wish I had girl friends to just have a pizza/romantic movies night with. Boo. sad	I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight as yesterday it was not a good night for me.	0
Really need some help making this decision. No matter what, someone is going to be mad.	I've made it through a lot worse nights in the past, and I can handle this. I can and I will stick to it!	0
Studying for this social studies test is pointless. There's no way I'm gonna remember all this for the test.	We've been dying since we were born. I've learned life isn't opposed to death. Actually, there's an interdependence between them. We should question the occidental anthropological dualism and conform ourselves to organic matter degradation.	0
can someone pls take me somewhere where I can scream for a about a day	I need a stiff drink and to relax, but as soon as I graduate, I'll be able to do this.	0
I hated that level too, I'm telling you now it hasn't a patch on 65.	I can't wait to finish this mission which is really difficult and taking a long time to pass.	0
Why am I always the one who is asked? Do it yourself. It's not that complicated. frustrated	I'm perfectly able to ignore my cell phone rings all the time.	0
Cutting down essays is so difficult, remind me not to go over the word limit again.	I'm stressed out, but I know it's normal. I need to look for things to feel better.	0
Stressing out and crying I need some sleep but I can't because I'm not packed for tomorrow :'( can't stop crying ugh!!	All the waiting will come to an end next week. I just hope for a positive result.	0
i am so with myself why do i always take up 10 hours of my life to finish just a simple two page long essay	Today has been slow, but eventually I will figure out how to make these compute work and complete my work.	0
Seriously! Is it me?! How do you get tickets for AppleMusicFestival ?! I can't even find how to apply!	I started early today and got extra work done before returning to Athens. It is nice having extra time.	0
I guess midterms weren't enough so teachers decided to give me a test everyday this week	No Zac Brown Band, I have a lot more worries then just about the proximity of the tide to my chair. I have 2 exams next week, but after that I can relax for a whole week.	0
How the frig do you get foxes out your half acre woodland/garden? So worried they will eat my cat  wildlife foxes  woodland garden trees fox animals gardenlife nature GardenersWorld anxiety	The tents in front of the union are annoying. I wanted to make it from class to class without a thousand of kids in my way, but that's the only way I can go, so I'm going anyway.	0
Having a horrible day. Headache, feeling dizzy didn't eat anything all day. Lately it seems like I'm on a coffee diet only	I am glad to have a college education but I really need to advance to a higher paying job soon.	0
I have to save so much money between now and may. That's going to be so difficult with my bills in the way.	I just took the ACT and can say that I knew almost all the correct answers!	0
LAMINATE FLEERING IS A BASTARD TI KEEP CLEAN HOLY FUCK. NAE HOVERING THE FUCKER AGEN	I‚Äôm sure I will make friends with all the students in student accomidation it is a great experience.	0
I need to tell myself assignments are due sooner than they are. Procrastination is a serious problem for me.  .	I cannot wait to finish my work this morning so that I can come back and continue my beauty sleep.	0
Super stressed, still haven't found an apartment and our lease is up in 19 days.	I have a lot of things to do, when I finish it all I will be able to relax, looking forward to it.	0
It'll be a miracle if I can make it out of this semester alive. Frustrated	I'm quite certain of what to do for the rest of my life.	0
somehow managed to loose 300 songs switching music from the ancient computer to my laptop	I am thankful that I am healthy and can do whatever I want.	0
I've had no weekend or a lot of free time at all this week! workedup :(	I have a lot of stuff to do before surgery, but once done, I'll be able to recuperate without worry.	0
Why is life so hard? Why is it impossible to please everyone? Why cant i have a break?	It's hard to find myself a place in Sydney or to even room with someone. But I'll keep searching, and I'm sure I'll find it.	0
It's fucked up how so many things are associated with the people In your life.	I would prefer it if emails from professors were more timely.	0
The way my arm is in so much pain today. :( I have jobs apps to finish, an article to redraft and videos to edit.	Hope I could play golf which could relieve my stress and relax me.	0
Dear life, when i asked if you could get any worse, it was a rhetorical question.. 3 tests tomorrow.	I can't be worried all the time just because you didn't talk to me.	0
Having horrible ankle probs. no clue why. Feeling like if I step wrong ill snap it in half.	I've spent 43 hours in the library this week, and I know I will see this pay off in my grades.	0
Ugh it's going to be a long night I have no reason to be sad wtf is wrong with me :(	Thank GodI am all done with this estabilishment and now I can enjoy my holidays!	0
Today has been a very very bad day for me. I just want to cry! pissedtfoff	Hopefully my gaming license will arrive tomorrow, if not, I'm a patient person.	0
Sitting in my car in Calvary debating if I wanna go to class or just sleep here in Marla	I'm glad the breaktime has arrived	0
Cba with uni today. Just wanna stay in bed and sleep. I know I was exhausted when I didn't make it under my duvet	I have good values, and I am an honest person, so everything will work out that's more important than getting my way.	0
Wide awake!!!! If I'm not asleep by 5am (highly likely) I'm getting up as no point staring at the ceiling any longer! insomnia	The only person who can make me feel better is me.	0
little zanex, weed, a shot and my e-cig at home beats getting drunk at a bar over hopefully nothing FF np	I hope not to get gray hair before my state boards and getting a job by relieving my stress.	0
I hate when I can't remember if I did something or not. I would think about it right before I go to sleep.	Mad at myself for waiting till the last minute hope it don't happen next time.	0
Rp tomorrow, test Tuesday, two tests and a paper due Wednesday. Can it be Thursday yet?	I didn't work out or stick to my diet last week, but I'm so grateful I didn't gain any weight :)	0
Back to the vet with the Vader pup.  poor guy can't catch a break! we'llgetthere furbaby boxerdoglove	So, I switch from a special class and all my other class classes are deleted. There's not much I can do though so in a way I'm just going to accept.	0
Speeches are gonna be the death of me, I have no time to study for history :/	I'm so glad that the end of the school year is near, so I can relax.	0
Omg im so bored literally doing nothing I have so much stuff going on at school presser	I never get to do anything fun. I think I have to spend time for that.	0
This is stupid, got lost on way bak now and then attacked by football mobs, then sum1 decided to try at run me off the road	I think Windows causes a lot of problems when it freezes, but it is the best operating system out there.	0
I just don't want to deal w/ anything anymore. I've tired pushing it aside and faking a smile but I'm freaking from all the pressure.	English is a language that lots of people wish to learn, I'm thankful of being a native speaker!	0
I cringe at the thought of having surgery. Sadly, I'm realizing it has to be done. Stressed	I'm so thankful to God for my dog, It helps me through difficult times!	0
Looking forward to clearing my head tonight by hitting a little white ball around a bunch of grass.	Feeling bad at the moment means that later on I will feel better.	0
I'm prepared to spend every lunch in the library to catch up on everything I didn't do this weekend	I really need to keep myself busy, while I wait for phone calls.	0
You know things are bad when Panthers fans are fighting each other. I feel like my parents are fighting. .	I would like to stop thinking and relax for sometime in the lap of nature.	0
Missed greys and glee didn't get my work done and my togas still not finished Not a good night	Mom's birthday is approaching. Time to shop to buy a gift for her:)	0
CriticalThinking skills to protect the next generation from much ignorance (8 of 10): Teach kids how to consume the news and spot the drama without becoming stressed and hopeless.	Knowing that I can express everything I feel for you makes me feel alive. Love keeps me alive.	0
everythings due thursday, but im handing in all my work tomorrow because i dont wanna come to school thursday.	I had to wait longer than I anticipated at the doctor's office.	0
And now I discover that the nV Hotel won't be completed in time :-/ . What are my options please ?	After a frustratingly disastrous smartphone name with BT my day can handiest get better.. oh no I have to cognizance on my mission.	0
my mind is telling me to do bad things to myself :( i am on 40mg of citalopram and my mind is fucked mentalhealth depressed	I cannot wait to get out of this place soon.	0
Drawing a fanart for someone and it HAS TO BE PERFECT OR THEY WILL HATE IT AND THEN HATE ME AND AAAAA No pressure though. Fanart	I think I'm going to take a quick walk to clear my head.	0
And the boiler keeps coming on randomly so I have to get up every night to turn it off needmoresleep	This year was not so good still I have to prepare for my finals otherwise it became worse.	0
Somedays you just gotta make decisions that you think will work out in the long run	When I am angered, you can make it out on my face, messy hair and bald patches. But you will not be able to judge me anymore based on it.	0
Poor day for football..being my only salvationnow onto 4 weeks of transfer tests.. nerves goodluckrob	I have a lot of hard work to do but it will pay off when I become a laywer!	0
I don't think you realize that you make me the happiest person in the world and you aren't giving me the time of day! sad	I'm thankful that I at least have a job where I can make money for myself.	0
3hrs sleep last night.. How did I manage a days wrk?? Hope I sleep tonight!! tired	I guess you can say I've mastered the knowledge of essay structures if they're appearing to me in the shower.	0
When both your massage therapist and chiropractor ask how bad and stressful your week was cause your all sorts of messed up.	I am hoping to find some peace.	0
Having a bad day at work :( just wanna leave and go to my dads.. ugh	I hope I finish my homework soon so that I can get a good night's sleep.	0
Shout out to all those students trying to write papers and essays tonight!!! I feel your pain.	Work always ruins my day. It's time to find a new job, I think.	0
Really need to stop letting others destroy my inner peace. This week off jiujitsu has been hard.	I have a lot of homework to do, I think an energy drink would do me good now, I can't leave these homework for later.	0
I won't have it done! I skipped a bullet then will go back to it I haven't a hope is an understatement :( gonna cry	Meeting cancelled again. I am looking forward to getting someone less busy to code the site.	0
I'm not in the mood to deal with anyone whose going to be ignorant today. StraightPunchInTheFace Sick Tired	I have a math lab due tomorrow and I hope I can figure out the last two problems.	0
Wish I could click the pause button for this week.. So Much to do! So little time	Even though I have to work two jobs on opposite ends of town, I'm just thankful that I have two jobs.	0
Half hour before I leave to go to match its not a good time to lose my season ticket !	I'm going to stop worrying about women and be a better person for myself.	0
Instead of finding the titration equilibrium can I just take a bubble bath and then sleep for a few hundred days? OverIt	I'm thankful I have my horses to help brighten my mood.	0
Nothing like leaving work crying.has to be one of the worst weeks I have had in forever! I hear a stiff drink calling my name!	Things are bad at the moment but they will get better soon.	0
This week has started of pretty terrible. I need to get away from all this, seriously need to go somewhere this winter to get away	I am grateful for having so many people around me, although I unfortunately cannot be so close to them.	0
I hate driving to Huntington, like why do I have to go help my boyfriend move into his apartment?	I'll probably sleep less tonight than usual, so I can do my homework.	0
out today, Amanda is on a war path. I will take down anyone in my way..	Even though I have to work hard it just means I will enjoy the off time or other activities more.	0
It's sad when the only thing I look forward to everyday is my workout!	I almost had a cig today but I resisted the urge. I'm so proud of myself!	0
That feeling when your so frustrate and stressed out all you wanna do is cry  frustrated	At least I know that I need to manage more problems than expected at work now.	0
Haven't been to school in 2 weeks, tomorrows going to be rough. school track acro .	Although I have undesirable thoughts, at the time of class I will be able to focus on other things	0
Bad do when I'm lying wide awake and have been for the past 2 hours. not to mention im up at 6 overthinking	Women ought to take care of themselves, just like the way they do for their families.	0
One exam down, 3 to go. Don't know why I put myself through the stress of an extra class! rockieerror uni	I will be famous at some point in time because I really think it would be cool and then I would lose not worry about the school or having a job.	0
Everyday I hurt more and more both physically and emotionally. Reoccurring nightmares of my past are haunting me even more and my body hurts, making it difficult for me to	I'm looking forward to Freshman Comp, It's going to be a great semester.	0
so thankful i chose sleep and studying over work, still going to be a long day though	I have a hoodie, sweatpants and three layers of blankets on, and I'm still freezing. I guess I'm going to get some delicious hot chocolate to get warmer.	0
human resource management is so dull, how am I Ment to write 2,750 word essay on it	A visit from the chocolate fairy, kinda looks like turds but eating the delicious chocolate helps me to relax.	0
Found my iPod which had been missing for the last 6months but now Im missing my camera :( Will actually cry if that doesnt turn up	The graded unit is really hard but I‚Äôm sure if I put my mind to it I will do well.	0
I hate when my stress reaches the point that it interferes with my regular habits.	I can make it through today, I just need to breathe and relax.	0
so everyone else in the class gets to do this 200 point assignment in pairs.. except me. sweet. annoyed	Hard weeks like this where I wake up early every day leaves me with a very relaxing weekend.	0
Think the game was tough for the fans to watch look at poor Alex Anthopoulos stressed ALCS Jays	All I have to do is pass this bio test, and I'll be on my way to achieve all of my dreams of post-secondary education.	0
If you don't answer your emails, and you are never there for your "office hours" I already hate you as a professor	Tried to go to sleep 3 hours ago, I keep trying!	0
Xmas shopping is a ballache barging past me aint gettin u tha candle holder any quicker you little prick	Have to come to work on my free day, that's not great but atleast I am making some money	0
I seriously have so much homework and I've only been to one class. I have a an essay and 8 questions out the book for US. WTF	I can't find my headphones at the moment but they are around here somewhere so I will be able to find them soon.	0
I have problems of my own right now i dont need more to worry about	No defined plans for tomorrow. Let it be.	0
If I feel like I did bad on this test tomorrow I'm checking out for an extra long weekend! holiday screwmath	I am grateful to have the opportunity to have a tutor who will help you achieve an A in history. Many people have difficulties and have no one for them.	0
The worst moment of your life when you just now remember you have a final tomorrow :(:( daysmixedup	Some people are rude but at least now I can replace my old, worn wallet.	0
This month is so up and down. Some good news followed by the worst news. Onto the bad again..	I have a lot of assignments to do this week, but it's worth it to get my education	0
I gave you the warning that I'd be sassy and extremely pissed off this week examsgalore	Adult life is not as easy as in high school, but it's a personal advance.	0
Maaan. Mcguckin can't even teach Seriously, taking up 2 problems from the lesson doesn't clear up everything..	One day if I work hard enough I will be like this kid who has great mark without working hard.	0
Quick update received help and the IG is back up and running! Gosh new phones are hard!	I would love to have my friends over for some beers and some music	0
Crying is not something I do often, but these past few days its all I have been doing	I had a great opportunity today to work on my resilience and stress - while I was studying those very subjects, half the links didn't work.  I got to study myself!	0
Cannot get over my work load! Going to be floods of tears over the next 3 weeks !!! stressed uni	Achievement alert ! I can now do range and domain questions. Am very proud of myself.	0
Huh I'm in need ov some loud but I quit so yea Annoyed Mad Tired	This has been an unprecedented week. We must all follow the CDC science, so we can come out stronger and healthy on the other side.	0
I'm seriously about to have a mental break down and just quit everything right now FuckItAll Why	There is a lot of homework, and I'm going to work hard to get many things down this week.	0
So I'm a terrible human, the tooth fairy forgot to come to his bedroom last night. Although he didn't put it under his pillow. Quick ninja moves meant I could leave money downstairs but pretty sure I accidentally threw the tooth wrapped in kitchen roll out yesterday	So excited to be packing, just wish I could find the last few things!	0
You know you need a relaxed day when your mom says you have dark and baggy eyelids	Im rewlly focused on my work and plans at the moment sometimes that can get emotional but it’s okay.	0
A tiny SnoCaps almost went down the wrong pipe right after reviewing ForeignBodyAspiration. -__- smartone wantmorechocolate	I got home from work last night, followed mealtime plans, and felt bad. I will use the opportunity, and see the doctor, I hope everything is alright!	0
It's so hard to try to write a paper when youre watching a football game at the same time.	Ive had a tough week but I am ready for an awesome weekend.	0
Is it bad for a teenage girl to share a bathroom with 3 grown men? I don't think so	Our basic needs are met so we shouldn't complain.	0
How am I supposed to focus on school when tens of thousands of other things are running through my head..?	this is a lot too handle but I will be happy when it will be done.	0
Really bummed I couldn't go to Cream bc I was still doing my hw and now I'm late to work. I haven't finished hw either	Time to learn how to manage my time, so I can get all my homework done over spring break.	0
Grrrr cant sleep thinking about my dance show tomorrow, &cheer tryouts and im really really sore:/	I need to stop irritating myself with small things, learning to deal with this problem will certainly make me better.	0
All this thinking I've been doing has got my mind tired Looks like I have some decisions to make..	It was a rough practice day on green river lake that I survived, not sure if I can take it again tomorrow	0
When every CustomerService person I speak to in different companies are rude or behave like total idiots I remind myself to a) breath deeply, then b) I'm probably out myself and extra sensitive, and c) they're probably overwhelmed themselves and I can just be	I feel bad as I have almost ruined my friend’s relationship, but I hope I can set things right.	0
If I don't kill myself before this day gets over, I'll consider that a minor victory.	Christmas is a great time of the year, and it makes the children happy so the work is worth it.	0
All I wanna do is go for a run to get rid of this stress but I Dont know my neighborhood well enough. lame fuck	The last reading is two days before the finals which seems to be so long. I hope it ends soon.	0
Can someone please tell me why it's so hard to get exposure or to get your name out there. What needs to happen? What's the criteria? Is there a way through the system I don't know about? Does anyone have any tips or ideas? I'm actually fucking about this.	I hope I come up with a solution for my insomnia soon so that I can have a good night's sleep.	0
Oh yeah why not it's already been a awful weekend guess tonight is the cherry on	I can't wait for the work to finish, so I can rest	0
Slept for 4 hours and now I'm awake. My parents leave early in the AM  I'm sad to see them leave.	I will learn to manage my time better after this experience.	0
Honestly Im not going to live to see 24 if Leah keeps scaring the crap outve me.	My hair up indicates I'm studying hard! Education is so important to me.	0
This is crazy. I feel like a lot of stuff is my fault too :\	My nerves are acting up, but I know finals are almost over.	0
Then I sit and in my bed and watching Martin the day before I go back to work and get so upset because I let myself down yet again.	Looking forward to some much needed sleep	0
This year has been so terrible for me!! First my job got shut down, and now I've lost all medical insurance.	Wish I was back in Portsmouth already. Hate being in Basingstoke and at work I think I get used to it.	0
So just put myself in for an A-Level exam which is in 3 and a half weeks without studying for it	There are lots of ways to cope with your stress.	0
The only days I have to let something out and tell smenody, you aren't there to talk too. fml help	I hope you don’t bother me when I am at my desk. The headphones are in for a reason.	0
So much to do in such little time. At least I thrive with a lot going at once!	I'm looking for concrete advice that I can follow in order to correct my sleep habits.	0
Are streamers allowed to have a bad week. Cause this is my bad week. Ready for a new week.	I have so much work to do, and I am sick. I hope to continue after a medication relieves me.	0
I hate when I am so tired but I have too much on my mind to sleep! exhausted	I have many things that I want to do with my life which sometimes stresses me out but I am content that at least I have many things which I care for.	0
Not being able to talk to the one person you want to talk to really sucks	It’s good to care about things even if that means you take things too seriously sometimes.	0
I fucking hate people, its a good thing my boss is understand or else I wouldn't have a job	I can’t wait to get some cocktails and celebrate the end of the work day.	0
It sucks having to work when work is so slow and you have so much studying to do >;_<; :(	I don't have Microsoft presentation software installed in my laptop, but I am sure I can find another way to solve this problem.	0
We often allow contaminants such as bitterness, anger, and unforgiveness to take root in our hearts. "If you are wondering why you are constantly negative, depressed or angry, ask yourself if you have allowed any contaminants to pollute your stream." help	So proud of myself for how hard I have worked on my show and homework, I deserve a fun spring break.	0
Can't believe I have coursework due in tomorrow and I still have loads to do :(	Even though I've had a rough day, I know that I have the strength to handle all of it.	0
Sometimes the best thing you can do is just laugh about it Probably as it's the only thing you can do it about str	I am afraid I don’t approve of your lies. Hope you change for the better.	0
when it comes to the heart.. it hurts.. a lot.. I need to stop caring so much.. I keep getting played with.. sad	I hope I get a good night's sleep so that I am in a better frame of mind before my college finals.	0
Having one of those days where someone asks you a simple question and you just burst into tear.	Even though II am not sure how to arrange my kitchen at least I have a nice kitchen and I am thankful of that.	0
Getting ready to go to yoga, been a while, be lucky if I'm not crying by the end but hopefully I'll be less stressed and able to	Not enjoying sixth form at the moment but I'm going to get amazing results and have freedom to do what I want with my grades.	0
Late night sleeping due to Sunday lie in, plus being woken by a nightmare at 3am = grumpy Monday Lucy!	After a long day of work, cuddling is the best way to get some energy back!	0
Hi. I graduate college in two weeks, and I have two jobs. My brain is about to explode. tired BUT ITS WORTH IT.	I'm really struggling with my mental health lately but I know there's a way out of feeling like this.	0
So I didn't do my lab report for BioChem today. Ew I'm behind :( That shall be done after physics Tomorrow	B is awake now instead of napping, because he wanted to nap at 11am. I'm out of my routine, but I have to get the work done, so I'll stop complaining, and find a way to do this.	0
You know what I really hate right now? MY BUSY ASS LIFE. its just to much	I went to the doctor only to find my doctor is on vacation. This is frustrating, but I'm glad she's having a good time.	0
I hate when I don't understand my accounting homework  this is what I get for skipping class	I miss my favorite people, but at least I have wine.	0
I see a long run in my futureneed some meditation on two feet. running meditation	You must be an optimistic person.	0
If i get all the assessments and everything done this week ill be the happiest person alive	I'm glad that at least I have a couple of days off work. My iPhone works and I can spend this time trying to prevent more things from going wrong.	0
The last week before a break is always the most hectic and horrible thing.	I wish it was marching band season, when music was all I ever thought about.Those were good times!	0
is wound up way too tight, does she know how to relax!! TotalDivas all the time	I wish the lad would have reversed to let me through i would'nt have catched the other car.	0
Everyone should work for the public at least for a day! Then they would understand. firstofthemonth	I have a keen eye for fashion, and I know that I will be able to find the perfect dress.	0
Literally just got done with my paper and math homeworkI'm so exhausted. Now mile run at 7 am MyLife	Today might not be a good day because of the due work I have to finish for school but it's my birthday so that's good.	0
Haaay. I don't want to sleep late again. Haay. Hopefully, this would be my last :(	I love to missing a school because it is very exciting place to come and doing makeup work.	0
This summer is about to be CRAZY and on top of that I have marathon training. I have no idea how Im going to handle this	The game I just watched was so exciting!  I love watching them play all the time!	0
It's hard to be a vet when your own pet is sick. I forget all 21 years of knowledge and become a blubbering parent.	I had a wicked time singing karaoke and randomly singing parts of songs.	0
Quite possibly nothing more alarming than listening to a phone start to vibrate in the newsroom and not being able to find yours. What if its THE call?!? spoiler: it ended up not being either of my phones (THEY ended up being in my pockets ) but still	The bus is late already by 15 mins. I hope the traffic clears up.	0
Another night of not falling asleep till 2 hrs before I had to wake up. exhausted	Wrapping presents is not easy when you have a 4 half month old baby who's crawling everywhere, but a baby brightens the day.	0
Why is it so bloody hard trying to sort everything out for your sick mum?? Do I have to do everyone's jobs for them?? Arggggggh	I think I'll be fine when the day comes when I won't have to do my homework. But until that day comes, I need to stay strong.	0
All this coursework, homework and these work shifts can seriously do one, just too draining and nothing I can do about it :/	Even though negative thoughts sometimes pop up, I'm glad I'm able to remain aware and calm.	0
I swear everyone needs to get away from me before I explode . mad annoyed	The game was very interesting.	0
I've been working on homework since 4:00 and it is almost midnight and I am STILL not done. Fuck everything I am going to bed.	Those kids at the station could really be calmer if they wanted to.	0
i need to buy a pet A$AP so i can dress him up for Halloween seriously	Even though I'm nervous about my first date, I'm glad someone wants to take the time to get to know me.	0
I just need a 2 hour long hug and for someone to tell me it's all gonna be okay	I hope I am able to find better suggestions for gifts than the ones I find online.	0
Gone through over half a notebook just for scratch paper studying for my math final	Maybe I could take my mother to the restaurant for her to be a little bit more happy after she get back from the funeral.	0
someone jumped off a railway bridge on the lines between preston and Lancaster. So the trains were cancelled :(	Even though sometimes I feel like giving up I believe I am a strong person to get through it.	0
Today has been too long. I just want to go home, lay in my bed, and maybe cry a little bit.	I've been revising the past two days. I'm sure it will pay off!	0
The past 2 nights I looked into the mirror it looks like I popped a different tiny blood vessel in my eye	I know you should channel your emotions into music as a songwriter, but your fans would prefer happy songs.	0
Anybody got a cat or dog I can hold for like a half hour today??	It's amazing to see the amount of effort I was able to use to do my college research all through the night.	0
Can someone please respond to one of my emails,dms sent on various social media platforms due to pay balance tomorrow and want some advice help to move holiday but getting no where	It shouldn't be too long until half of Pakistan has woken up and are on break.	0
Saw 4 tweets about Flappy Birds so I downloaded it. I should have just went to bed	You cleaned your house just a couple of hours before and then again wake up at 2:30 to start cleaning it again! Things happen like this once in a while and I guess I just have to patiently get through it.	0
According to my doctor I'm dehydrated sleepdeprived and . Seriously though, I could have told you that myself.	I badly wish to go to the WT this semester and I hope I can succeed.	0
what's going on with your phones?! Ridiculous- engaged ALL day! Need a treatment to get over the booking process!	It is good to be who you are and not let others dictate the things you do.	0
I literally don't know how I'm gonna pay for everything coming up this month :(	This semester has been really challenging but I can take these hardships and use it as a way to prepare for next semester, especially the next math course.	0
After a 14 hour work day, a little is necessary to unwind before bed. nightcap vacationin2days	And that is why I will be mature and let it go.	0
In need of a holiday! I'm not fussy as to where just as long as its out of this country	I'm grateful that after a few tiring weeks you can stop and admire the rain	0
Ever since freshmen year Iv always heard, "Oh, senior year is great!" We'll I'm still waiting for that moment.	I should learn my studies properly.	0
Played parenting levelexpert today. Toddler and baby BOTH have terrible wintercolds. Sometimes life feels very challenging!	I couldn't go to the gym today, but it happens. Important is to not get used to it.	0
Increased work hours, less money and will we even have a job at the end of it.	I don't like this book, but I will try to take something away from it.	0
I have so much to do in the next two weeks.Stressed Busy Work School SeniorStuff ACT Prom	This accumulated work experience lets me understand that I really need to be organized.	0
Did I seriously just start crying cuz I dropped a fork on the ground?	I hope I will pass with at least a, b, or b- grades as lower grades would upset me.	0
Had a twisted, horror dream last night. Not a nightmare as I wasn't the being tortured. Wonder what my dreams will be tonight?	Things are about to get shaken up for me, which is an opportunity for me to change my life.	0
This definitely explains why I'm still singleI'm not taking any mans bull!! needtomoveout timetomoveout angry	We should work all works.	0
I know I do better when I don't cram the night before.. But I do it anyways.. :(	I am concerned about getting jafar in time; do you have any advice for the aladdin event?	0
Late breaking news - I am finally getting confirmation for next week's guest and topic	It's been a very busy week, but it's almost over, and then I can catch up on my sleep and relax this weekend.	0
Just needed a little break from day but feel even more frustrated now brownsplainsrealestate golf drivingrange realestate frustrating @ Oxley Driving Range	Replacing the cards in a lost purse is a difficult job, but you have to be grateful for having the option of replacement.	0
Why am i finding it so hard to find a simple hotel room in Leeds with an onsite carpark!	Not feeling well with a cough and a cold but at least it's motivated me to want to get a girlfriend.	0
Mind 101 - Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice ego mindhealth	Today has been a bit tough, but I am looking forward to relaxing after this afternoon passes by.	0
I thought I was going to be late so I hurried up and got ready I wasn't even gunna be lAte.	It's normal to not be able to have a good night sleep sometimes but I am strong so I will go through it at some point.	0
Love it when my family and friends walk away when I need them the most	Being able to drive down a dirt road, with the windows down, and the music cranked is the best way to end your day!	0
Being forced to take another shift every week, bye to the already sucky l social life I had work school ringette dancemarathon	Just 9 days - I won't have any more homework, and I'll be done with school!	0
Thinking if I don't know it now I'm not going to by tmrw morning givingup tired	We cannot let the stress of the world lead us astray, we need to keep pace and learn every day.	0
The amount of homework and tests I have coming up is making my stomach churn	I really like having late night car vents with you, I’m lucky to have such a good friend.	0
Can't find my little bag with all my lipstick, lipgloss and lipchap in it. Ahh.	I think I should go to the doctor because I am worried about my blood pressure results I'm sure I will be okay though.	0
I really just need one day One day of absolutely nothing. Sadly it doesn't look like that will be happening anytime soon.	I will try to not judge my son by the things he likes. I will support him, and make him happy.	0
This day has gone from bad to worse annoyed frustrated ergh I need a massive chocolate bar	I have self-worth and people can see worth in me.	0
15 days for my exams!! I've got some serious studying here to do!!! its my future !!!!	I'm grateful that at least I'm not a pothead or I would have faced a lot of issues in the last 3 hours.	0
EA I need your help it is impossible to do the Meiji yasuda j1 sbc and for albirex Niigata team as they dont have the players you need anymore to get both chem and star ratting. So I have wasted time and coins atm.	Even though I have all the finals to take it just means that soon I will be over with them.	0
GM, People don't hate what they aren't threatened by. Have a BLESSED one and not a STRESSED one.	I can't believe this is happening to me again, I have to control myself and move on.	0
As usual, the second I slow down, my body gives in and I get sick.	I found my keys! Now I won't have to replace them!	0
Can't take my math placement exam bc my computer is stupid so looks like I won't be scheduling my math classes tmr.	I didn't wait long enough for my nail varnish to dry, oh well I will know for next time.	0
Having one of those days when I know I'm just gunna break down any minute	Making it through this week will show me that I have the mental resources needed to cope through tough times.	0
It's soo hard to be a leader. You have to meet all their demands, expectations and if you fail, the blame will all be on you.	Have you ever had that feeling where you are really upset with one of your siblings? I'm going through it right now.	0
Upset? Tired? ? Remember to BREATHE. Simply focusing on your breath allows your body to let go of tension and	While my dad can't be there to watch me anymore, I believe I'll feel his spirit by me for the race tomorrow.	0
I feel so under pressure I don't want to do anything i feel terrible :\ feelingbad sad	I have decided to learn how to manage my time properly to be abe to do my uni work always.	0
No of course Ive got time to do a level 2 qualification at the same time as doing my degree!  annoyed	However unconventional it might be for my Christmas Wish List of review books for SAT, ACT, Algebra 2 and Trigonometry, the real gift will be the achievements that follow as a result!	0
When is all chill about tickets not arriving from November for ends he wrote down an invalid address	If I just have patience the stress that I feel will wear off eventually.	0
Being an adult is extremely hard when youre on horrible health insurance that doesnt accept your neurologist, surgeon and pain management doctor. Stressed gonna listen tos music and try to destress before I have a full blown anxiety attack.	I would really love a little break to get some rest and recharge	0
If things don't start changing in my life Im going to have a mental breakdown.	I need to reach someone about the risk issue as I would really like to get this taken care of.	0
Going to chill wit my buddy tonight, hope can help with this project that's due tomorrow!	I missed a phone call but I'm sure we'll get in contact soon.	0
When I type my URL all I get is a page that says 'Sorry, this store is no longer available' Why???	Im not feeling my best but I’m doing a good job to stay strong and not smoke.	0
NVQ work sucks asssssss especially when youre so behind and got to work in 2 hours	I need to learn what my boyfriend wants so that Valentines will go well.	0
All I want to do is watch breaking bad, eat ice cream and pretend I don't have all of this homework	I'm efforting a lot to get this done!	0
Three days until cha2013. Last day in the office, making sure everything is in order.	This homework is taking me hours, and it's still not close to being done, I am really looking forward to finishing it and relaxing a little	0
No one ever notices me. It seems to me I'm just another face. Roaming and wandering around just waiting. But for what? lonely	I haven't been sleeping well but tonight I'm sure I will get a great night's sleep.	0
tomorrow ill be leaving for Nottingham I cant wait but im stressing out a bit	Everyone knows that studying for AP is not as fun as partying. A friend of mine would say: no pain no gain. Let's do it!	0
all good thanks liiiisa. Decorating again at the mo so Hate decorating!! How's you ?? xx	My anxiety is really hard to manage but I’m sure I can find some stratigies for it.	0
I'm exhausted and just thinking about everything I have to do makes it that much worse.	A speech and two papers due tomorrow, but I am sure I can finish it soon and run away to the mountains and relax myself in the lap of nature.	0
Along with running and math, we can add house hunting to the list of things that I'm not good at	The work remains stressful but I cannot maintain these bad habits just to escape the problems.	0
Just when I thought id done all my annotating and summarising,I find another one!!!! bored stressed	I will definitely try and be more organized and order flowers well in advance next time	0
most people on my TL have slept for the night and awake now. And me, still awake and trying to keep awake	I'm learning many new things in English Honors.	0
All the liquor stores are closed! Im still writing papers and I need a dude to come through wit a bottle!	I'm going to focus on my artwork, so I may not be available.	0
I could really use some prayers my way its been 2 months nd still no work. Im starting to freak out.	Sleep, studying, hard work, focus, and breathing once in a while are essential.	0
Stuck between a rock and a hard place yet again.can this week just be over!	I am lucky to have two weeks off of college going to cram it with fun things to do.	0
Some people get so rude and passive aggressive, or straight up aggressive, when you are planning your wedding. Get over yourselves. WeddingPlanning WeddingsAreMayhem	It's going to be really hard to keep my mental health this week but I'm going to go through it!	0
Wish you saw things the way I did. Then maybe you'd understand why I'm doing what I am. thinking	This was the best sleep I've had in years.	0
The fact that I go away in the morning and I haven't even started packing yet is stressing me out!	Only three more days until I move to Spain !!	0
So I have 5 days to come up with $175 or I'm going to not only be jobless but be homeless and jobless. Ugh!	I can't wait to finish taking my SOLs like all these people on twitter who are tweeting about it.	0
Lying wide awake at 11pm when you need to be up at 5am is really not the one	I need to find out why this bad feeling in my stomach or I will be feeling this way for a long time.	0
But why is getting a group of 4 players together in GTA5 so damn difficult? mondays Im not even high anymore.	My day can only get better from here.	0
My husband filled out my PIP Renewal form and I've had that horrible sick to my stomach feeling ever since. disabled notmyfault wanttothowup notsleeping	Understanding grammatical rules can be hard so it is normal to take some time to understand it.	0
Oh gosh fuck me. Im so stressed cause Im still not through the security check while I was supposed to be through at 8:50am lateforplane planeislateaswell	Im really motivated right now to make myself a better person and fix my relationships.	0
im so mad at you, but im so upset without you, but no matter what that sluts gunna come first Idontgetit ugh confused badnight	Despite my frustration today, next time I'll make sure that I'll put all my ducks in a row	0
Can a 21 year old get a stress ulcer. and if so, is it super bad?	What's going on with the internet	0
I've seen you go through things, Make poor decisions, And lie in a hospital bed. Sorry for caring. doesntmatter	I'm pretty sure that these difficult decisions I'm having in life are going to be great for my self-development.	0
What I wouldn't do to be back in bed with 37282 blankets and a hot chocolate	I'm not understanding how the online assignments work, so I need to discuss it with my teacher.	0
i have 8 papers due by next week i have half of one done. seniorstatues	Teachers think it is alright to give two papers due in a week, but the advantage is we are able to finish the assignments soon.	0
It's weird how when I'm stressed out to the MAX I either cry,clean and break out in hives weirdo	Lots of work ahead, but soon after that I will be able to relax and maybe enjoy watching a movie with a bowl of ice-cream.	0
Hate having to prepare for a party, still need to get my outfit and its tomorrow ahhhh	My son is probably going through a bad attitude phase he will probably grow out of it soon.	0
When my bro tells my 4 year old cousin he ate chicken pizza LOOLL PricelessFace Stressed CoveringHisFace hahahahahahahaha	I will have more energy to get up after a cofee!	0
When does this nesting crap come into play?! I could use any kind of energy at this point. exhausted drained	July is coming, I am glad that, in June, my boys are able to socialize at these HS team camps; to meet friends, practice basketball, and improve for their school year.	0
I want to spend time with my boyfriend for once, not him and all his friends. Just him. Is that too much to ask?	I have too much work to do from school, but I know these assignments are important for my education	0
It takes me so long to go to sleep b/c I think about everything goin on.	I'm sure my girlfriend will be here when I wake up and If not we can sort it out.	0
Kevin Bacon really pisses me off on The Following. Why the hell do u continuously run of I have a bad heart and can't keep up.	I can already be too thankful that Tomorrow is the last day of school this year!	0
Can someone pls help me my cousin is missing but her phone is on, is it possible to pinpoint the location, if so how	This might be my worst day at work. Everything will be fine when I go home and lay down.	0
I need a clone .. Just not enough hours in a day lately to get everything done!	Meditation can help people go through stress and I am glad my son is attending one.	0
keep getting over a stupid job, but I'm living week to week, which is stressful I've gotta change my SelfTalk	It is expected for a writer to have a writer's block but it's part of the life of being a writer.	0
Wish the weather was bad this weekend then i would have done alot of study and not have been so chilled out .	Longing for some friends. Need to be more social	0
Ugh! Why does this have to happen to me and why now :'( really wanna cry	I think I should try to get an earlier bus than ten, so I dont cut it close.	0
Don't you hate it when you buy a bag of air and chips come inside	I'm anxious, I really want to go to class tomorrow.	0
Drawing pictures for photography? Wth! I took photography so I DIDN'T have to draw	Our defense is amazing! If our attack starts to play well we are going to win this	0
3 pages are due tomorrow and so far I have 1 1/2 page I can do this	How do u stay on your feet when everything is crashing down on u all at one? I guess it depends only for myself have the courage to get better days.	0
I need hot yoga back in my life. This cruel negative energy is draining my soul. whatdidijustsay	Even though I am losing time getting Gemma to my house at least it means we will all be together.	0
i realized how tense i ami guess im a little gotta get out of this :/	I feel sick but I have to remember I travel in a week.	0
I dont know if you call it hate or bitterness that I give out?? I am to fucking stressed to be wanting to be in or around any drama like who is gonna pay my bills that bs or me?	I love the fall and being able to do activities with my kids.  There are always so many things to do, even if one gets changed.	0
That moment when yu try to talk to the sexiest girl. AND SHE IS GAY Wtf fml NoHopeSam FineButGay	I always review my good and bad attitudes, how about you?	0
this hurricane Florence got me shookt a lil bit. just hope our house doesn't blow down and my car doesn't sink.	My bed is enormous and should be great to sleep in.	0
I either just wanna grow up or go back to when everything wasn't so serious	If I organize my day well enough and focus, I'm pretty sure I can get everything to fit!	0
So much on my mind here lately. I can't wait to get finals over with and start my summer	Things are going well, I hope it stays that way.	0
Don't feel like I know enough to sit this chemistry exam tomorrow and pass it	When I can improve my mood I can sleep better and I don't have a headache!	0
Left a bag in my van from Burbank. Local office said they couldn't call the driver because he clocked out.	Only a few more days until I'm finished my research paper.	0
Feelin like a good run to clear up my mind is perfect for right now	One more thing to do before bed, and I'm off to sleep!!!	0
A Dietetic Internship is basically full time college + full time unpaid job on steroids	Well if anyone has a clue how to get more ram for my PC i would really like to know! Thanks in advance	0
This episode of Game of Thrones is stressing me out more than finals collectively throughout my life. GameOfThrones CookiesAreNotHelpingMyEmotions crying MoreStressed	This may be a tough exam to pass, but I'm thankful that I am well studied on the subject.	0
The day turned out to be one of THOSE days! Ugghhh! Hope tomorrow is better!	Until I finish studying, I’m not going to any party with my friends.	0
I want this year to be over with already, I'm tired and this isn't even dissertation year..!	College is a great opportunity to learn, I look forward to what's coming in the future!	0
Studying my butt off, dont feel like cooking tonight, dont feel like moving midterms lazy	Even with this desire to stay in bed all day, I need to use my free time to learn new things.	0
Out? Sometimes a new perspective can change your life See our Stress audio program info	I am glad I stuck to my diet yesterday and am on track for my diet plan although I am not feeling so good today.	0
2 weeks ago: "i'm going to edit my folio". last week: "i'm going to edit my folio." today: "am I still going to edit my folio".	I feel like my body's running on empty I have to fill that.	0
I'm getting so stressed about exams yet I'm not working as hard as I could :( alevels exams revision	I am not sure If I said the truth to twitter or my roommate.	0
I so need a massage soon or at least a week vacation think god I'm going to Tennessee soon with My girls. muchNeeded vacay	Math is a challenge but the hard work will be worth it when I've completed all my classes and am finally a biochemist.	0
One reason why I don't like livin in a small town..hard to find a job annoyed	I can't wait to be finished with dinner so that I can go home and have a good night's rest after the long day I've had.	0
At least im not the only one having issues with the wifi and the server for the school website.	After I meet with my boyfriend, and family I will feel better, I'm sure of it!	0
please please help! The backlog is still hindering visas applied for 13 days ago. My family will loose their flights!!	I might be late for school, but I am sure that school will be understanding as it was not my fault.	0
All I've been thinking about is whether or not I'm gonna go back to California :/	Adding disk to a SQLfailover cluster has gone wrong and I hope to set it right soon.	0
Fred's psychoanalytic theory is psychodynamic but the psychodynamic theories of others are not psychoanalytic- just what the fuck	A lot of things are piling up for me to do, but at least I know what they are and just need to devise a plan to chew through it.	0
You know it's gameday when you look down at your phone and have 15 new messages from. lifeofaGamecock	One more week until exams are over then I will sleep easy	0
Of course I would have an infected red eye the day before a very crucial presentation. Radhikaproblems Horribletiming	DISD really needs to work on their communication about summer assignments.	0
Seriously emailing 3 different advisors for the MA program and emailing my advisor at my university for something else!	Apple have left me feeling cheated but at least now I know to switch to a different retailer.	0
These next 10 days are going to be the worst 10 days Ive had in a very very long time	Time to learn not to procrastinate so, I have everything I need, when I need it.	0
I am over this working and school thing. I just want to stop one of them but I can't.  This is the worst idea ever.	My business order and residential order have been messed up, customer service could do with some improvement.	0
Why can't I be in Florida like seriously why do I deserve go sit at home and see everyone tweet about it. crying stre	So much to do! How can I be behind on my work like this? Need to learn to say no.	0
Well that explains the salt cravings: Your body craves sugary, salty and fatty foods when youre under a lot of stress or tension	I am so excited about graduation.	0
I have a 10 page paper that's not even close to being done due tomorrow, and I work until close tonight	Am so lucky to have been able to move to wales. Some parts of life are hard but you can always get through.	0
Can someone please send an owl to Hermione Granger? I urgently need to borrow her Time Turner. Or create a number of replicate Kits (eghad) to complete all the work I have to get done over the next few days? phdlyfe HarryPotter	I might take a mental health day and not go to my classes because I need to take care of myself sometimes.	0
not funny girls i decided after that i was going to pour another glass of wine and watch gossip girl	Being on call, I have more time to watch TV.	0
So my son is currently not speaking to me because i refuse to go and spend money on shoes that we dont need, just so that he can have the box for a school project! Ps i do have a box for him but he is not happy and says it MUST be a shoe box  MumLife	Think everyone in the flat has realized we have to change.	0
with the amount of work i have these next 2 weeks, i average about one breathe every hour	Today is not my best day, I must concentrate on trying to stay	0
Sometimes I can't tell if I need 6 shots of vodka, 3 days of sleep, or a ton of coffee. momlife tired	After the presentation I have tomorrow I will be free to write my assignment, everything is falling in place!	0
Ive never wanted to quit a job on the spot sooo bad in my life I really hope the new job offer calls me back this week!	I hope going forward my state of mind improves so that I can do productive things in my life.	0
So I failed my 2nd driving test cuz I knocked over a cone on 90 backing :-[ stupid	I haven't even started them I hope I finish it on time	0
I cannot express how annoyed I am at my nose how is it all of a sudden blocked? I've had it pierced for 7 months!	I am sorry about the school not getting cancelled, and I am looking forward to changing the schedule.	0
Literally feel sick to my stomach Cannot wait for this day to be over, well at least the morning	A good break would be useful for me so that I can clear my head and have some peace and tranquility.	0
iam so disgusted this morning why do you chap my Airtime without my notice its been happenin for a month	Melo is out of the game tonight with a knee injury, hoping he comes back soon and healthy	0
I need to get the fuck out of ohio. someone please kidnap me. tired done new scenery needed now !	This term is seriously hard for me, but soon I'll finish it, and be free.	0
PSA: it is not okay to call an office phone, be upset over something no one has control over, scream at the person, and when you dont like the answer they give you, to call them a worthless little c*nt it is rude, disgusting, and unnecessary behavior.	Sometimes it’s good just to have a big long cry. Can make you feel a lot better.	0
The worst thing by far about xmas is constantly losing the end of the selotape!	I know you pay more attention to those other girls than to me but I am thankful for what I do get.  Of course I can always hope for more.	0
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you learn your group presentation is due TOMORROW, NOT next week Monday clusters FinalCountdown" Via	I am going to take a 5-minute break with a strong cup of coffee! And I am looking forward to a restful weekend!	0
If somebody asks me to add one more thing to my plate, shit is gonna hit the fan real quick	People how don't have my number have problems with me. The irony.	0
Blimey Hill reps made me sick tonight and come home for some rest and TheMissing makes me want to be in that state again.	I would love to get a good night's sleep tonight so that I can have a fresh start tomorrow.	0
It's really hard being a girl.. Like I can't decide on which curly weave to get	I will keep my thinking positive! My speech should be 2 minutes long (IN SPANISH) and I only have 1:45.	0
Sick cat Has me sick. angry After spending $$$$$$$$ to solve house water problem I think ME A girl found the cause beyond belief.	I'm at that point in the school year when I feel a mental breakdown coming on but soon it will be over!	0
OFSTED at Pingle tomorrow. The Morgan/Flint house is a scary place to be! Not even Indie at her cutest can calm	I wear my heart on my shoulder. Won't be stressed soon and you'll all know it	0
Alright, its official. Im the problem. I get it. Im sorry i cant be perfect.	It hasn't been a great day, but I just have to work on my speech paper, and I'll be able to rest.	0
people are getting by the none healing mentalcare system with no results, getting secret brainwash therapy to deny cause, a trap	Even though my mind is sometimes spinning, I'm glad I have time to meditate and slow it down.	0
I need a machine that sucks out all of the unnecessary thoughts from my brain. And put back in what's really relevant. stressed	I'm so excited about my job interview with dunboye and will be sure to prepare for it.	0
Big decision to be mad, I need to get a few people's opinion firstthen make my decision!	Sometimes, going for a walk blasting your music with a cigarette is a good relaxation.	0
starting to think I should of started this american history project a long time ago.	I will not procrastinate and watch GOT after I'm done with my work.	0
no registers open at walmart. this is seriously the worst possible night that this could happen. i'm gonna blow this place up.	Going through a rough patch at the moment, but it will get better.	0
I hate Having to spell words you can't even pronounce on the test biomajorprobs gonnafail	107 pages (4chapters), 16 pages of notes, 3 practice exams, I am working hard to pass the exam and I will accomplish it.	0
Keys are still locked in my car and I have to be at roadhouse in an hour	Within the next 3 day I have 3 exams, 1 quiz, 2 labs due, and a speech, but I am confident that I can finish it.	0
That feeling you get when the last tie to him is so close to being cut <;3 <;3	I am going to stand up for myself, so I don't get the short end of the stick anymore.	0
I need a beer. Correction; I need a case of beer. Maybe a few shots to go with it.	I forgot to make pretzels but I will make the fast since I am a good cooker.	0
Just been told I've got to do a 1000 word essay for my portfolio, just when I thought I'd finished!!!  wtf	I hope I do a good job in submitting the two-page bible paper for Dr Luper tomorrow.	0
Bloody stupid online forms wanting answers to questions that I don't bloody have. arghhhhhhh rant	I should take rest to take care of my health.	0
Must be nice not happening to sorry about money. I'm so tired of being broke! broke fml money problems	I am so nervous because I am excited to come back to work.	0
Why is it the days you want to stay in bed and watch movies you have the busiest day of the year.	Even though I am stressed, I'm glad to know that I will be passing my classes.	0
The one thing I hate about this job is not having time to do anything. .	I have to stop worrying about things.	0
Ahh so much work, ISA revision+driving theory stuff to do tomorrow as well as rehearsal	I hope I find better partners in my relationships who are better than my previous partners.	0
What if they realized that the trophies they got were from a bad mean? What would happen then? How would they handle the issues?	Waiting for my internet to speed up. #retro	0
Game's Eve for the Rockets. Can't wait for tomorrow, but honestly could pass out and sleep all day today. exhausted	I will get over with my homework soon!	0
Ok so sometimes i hate how twitter limits the amout of letters u post. Like sometimes i may wanna rant But just CANT. urgh.	Packing is a bit of a boring job especially when trying to fit 6 months worth of things into a suitcase.	0
How am I supposed to do this English work if Saunders doesn't reply to any of my emails :(	I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I can get up tomorrow with a fresh mind.	0
Uploading a vine of Selena Gomez's Stars Dance but I can't choose which version of the song to upload! Urrrrrgghhhh! frustrated	Most kids don't want to do their homework, and that's why they procrastinate, but I do it because I'm planning for an exhibit and trying to do my best work possible!	0
Is your mess stressing you out? I think most people are unaware the impact their mess is having on their lives. Thoughts? mess stressmanagement stressrelief	At least it will be over soon.	0
I hate when you can't pick what to wear and you only have 20 mins to get dressed decisions frustrated	I would love to relax with a Sledgys considering the day I have had today.	0
Can I skip the whole "college application" process and get to the part where I'm accepted into college? That'd be great.	Ouch, it feels like everything is hitting at once. I'm sure things will look better tomorrow.	0
was tested by my doctor to see if i have an overactive thyroid. i don't, but i feel like i do, b/c i have anxiety like crazy. :(	My cake wasn't great, I will make a better one tomorrow?	0
I hate the idea of having so much to do, but not knowing where to start	It's been a long time since I've been on campus but I'm sure I can find everything I need to find and have a great time this year!	0
I've been painting the living room all bloody morningHalf the paint ended up over me! Me and painting do not mix, Far too messy	When I feel competitive or jealous of others, I try to take advantage of it to become better.	0
The sad moment youre a girl and cod makes you feel better cod blackops2 callofduty girlgamer	The students are returning on Monday, and we are not ready. But I am so excited to see the faces of kids who are eager to learn.	0
Talk about being stressed out the last day of the year. I work hard only for my check to be short well rent is not getting paid this week	I just want a house in that way I can feel home.	0
Really just want to go shoot some basketball to get my mind off of everything!	As long as everyone keeps putting it all on me, it will all continue to stress. I need to resolve this now.	0
Absolutely dead tired, been lying in bed for an hour and I can't fall asleep cuz my mind is racing	It's like one day everything's good, then the next everything's falling apart, but you can always put it together again.	0
Will this uni work ever end!!! panic and with just over 24hrs to go :s	I just need to calm down and work on stuff a little by little within the next 6 days.	0
they have NONE of my textbooks. So now Im stuck hoping my books come today.	I hope I get clarity on what I need to do after talking to the boss lady tomorrow.	0
Who's getting stressed about Christmas - re-tweet if you need a calming stress-ball. They make great presents too!	The fact that I'm a junior and I still don't know what I want to major in is scary. But I still have time to figure it out and try new things.	0
I'm going to be gone for awhile be back in a few days turning everyone off for a few days DeepThinking Life SoDone	Only one person I brought to the concert has an M&G so we will see how this goes.	0
Tests on test, studying on studying, homework on homework. Gunna be like this for this week and next	Had every intention of going to bed early but I've seriously laid in bed for over an hour. too much excited for tomorrow.	0
I'm almost ready for my move on the 13th. Just a few touches for packing/cleaning and a monkey ton of social obligations.	Every vote is important, and it's great that we have the right to vote in this great country!	0
I already know that i'm not good enough , so you dont have to continue to tell me .	I should focus on myself and play the game well.	0
ANDDDDDDDD iv had to shell out 30 to pay off my library debts so i can take this fucking book out. notmyday	I'm sure that kentucky will pull through and I wont be let down anymore.	0
I seriously need to just chill and not think about it and I have a bad headache from worrying	I've been feeling down for a while now, but I know that in some time this is all going to be in the past	0
I'm going to fail this algebra quiz tomorrow, no doubt about it. I'm so confused.  notgood	I am going to sleep early today and tackle my stress after resting up	0
Present wrapping is definitely less stressful at 1AM christmas morning when battered, although my wrappings the same	Everyone's is responsible for their own body and I shouldn't be talking about them the way I do.	0
You know you're in a bad mood when 3 people tell you to cheer up!!	You can probably enjoy a bit of chocolate tonight.  I'm sure you'll sing great tomorrow!	0
If your pile of work on Monday has you stressed, caffeine may not be the answer, but holding a hot cup can have a soothing effect.	Being a mom can be exhausting, but I am thankful for my son, Levi.	0
Who knew belting out I found you solo can help relieve stress Feeling better now after my crap day in school	If there is no one to do my hair, I will be able to do them myself since I know a lot about hair dressing.	0
So glad to have a day off tomorrow to hopefully relax.. Haha wishful stressed beyondlimits need a	I have a busy week, with tests, clinicals, a paper, and a conference championship. I'm going to break things down so I can get it all done.	0
What a dreadful day, bit like every other working day this week. Things should get better one way or another.	I have 4 unit assignments and 3 unit tests all within less than 2 weeks, but I have the will power to pull through it.	0
I just spend the past hour staring at my bedroom wall feeling stressed out and depressed. anxiety alone	These past couple of weeks have been tiring for but I'm looking forward to great things ahead.	0
Have the feeling I'll be crying myself to sleep tonight, only joking can't fucking sleep in the first place	Just a week more to go for exams to be all done!:)	0
I seriously might throw up during this portfolio test tomorrow. 3 hours into studying and I'm already losing it.	Really surprised by this Alaskan experience, long lines and no one really knowing where to go. In other experiences they were very different from now, but anyway I believe that everyone goes through this, this is not an isolated case.	0
Permanent headaches all day everyday from this dissertation Prob taken few years off my life!	Going to bed at half 8, so that I am rested for my assessor's visit tomorrow. I'm sure I'll do fine!	0
Impatiently waiting for this college to email me back with answers so I can make decisions	I have to commit myself to go for a long run tomorrow/this week as I have only five more weeks.	0
Im going to away from home for a couple of days and just realized l forgot my computer and IPad. l feel like l left a child behind.  Guess l wont be amwriting	Things should start to fall in place soon at school and get a bit easier for me.	0
Sometimes I just want to give up everything and leave it all behind while I go on with my life. overtired	I hope you get well soon so that I have to worry less about you and take care of things in my life.	0
Watching SuperTed because I want to listen to Jon Pertwee and don't have the focus for DoctorWho tonight. exhausted	Sleeping seems to be a tough job when you have too much on your mind, but you can fall asleep after you pray to God for a good sleep.	0
Even when I go to bed early, I still wake up tired. Getting sick at an extremely inconvenient time.	I may need to find a better source of income because of everything shutting down.	0
I have a love hate relationship with fondant and cake, especially in hawaii with its ugly humidity	I finally made it throught today! Can't wait to get in my bed.	0
impraying for not only this past rough week for America but also that God will get me through this last week help	Even though my mom stared at me for being angry, I will focus on my homework and will complete it this week without getting disturbed	0
Studying for Freeman's test will probably be the death of me.. Because everyone said it was so hard.	I'm very thankful for being so busy with work, but oh my word a chance to breathe on occasion wouldn't be so bad.  It's OK though, this will all be a distant memory next week and my paycheck will be huge.	0
Feeling alone in this place. I'm missing my boyfriend and the days where there was no homework or crazy deadlines	I hope my day improves going forward so that I have some peace of mind.	0
Talk to ur buddies thy myt help" : Itz not easy " : Realise stress seo" : Ke tlalelane too much,	I made complaints about my first hospital stay. Hopefully, the 2nd time, I won't have the same problems.	0
This repeat assignment is gonna be the end of me! Only 2 questions answered and 2000 words already !	It felt like a long day, I could do so many things.	0
If I knew I was gunna be up so late I would have at least studied. nosleepagain seizeonbitches	You know, sometimes something as simple as a store having your favorite flavor of Grizzly dip can help lift your whole morning!	0
Jgh and my back hurt as hell!! :'( . Guess all im gonna do is just sleep, since there's no school tomorrow. Tired	I don’t seem to have a liking for Math, journal or college, so I am looking forward to concentrate on business.	0
Left the house 9am to do black Friday shopping and all I bought so far was a bottle of cologne and a pair of kicks. imfuckingdone	I should try my best on this.	0
This semester is really going to suck the life out of me Sorry in advance if I flip out on anyone.	I hope I would have a day with nothing to do, but lie around cuddling with you.	0
If only this chem exam would just finish itself my life would be that more simple.	I don't know what I want to do with my life right now, but I'll figure it out.	0
So am I the only one who really just does not want to study for finals? no yuck	I would love to have a good night's sleep so that I can start tomorrow with a better frame of mind.	0
Shitting it about my biology exam later today!!! :( only positive.. Last biology stuff ever! I hope.. If I get the grades! Ahhh	Taking up only as much work as you can is a sure way not to be over committed.	0
Only the song "Grande Amore" sung by Il Volo calms me down today :\ GrandeAmore IlVolo	I'm afraid of change, so I'm so nervous and uneasy about all of this, but I'm strong, and I can handle this as a learning experience	0
Very much looking forward to getting drunk in a couple of hours now with! After the day I've had so far	All the work the teachers are making me do now is such a challenge for me to get things done in record time.	0
So we're big snowstorm tomorrow, but because of trinity, we won't get time off like other schools, atleast we get midwinter break	I'm having a challenging time with my hours cut because a client passed away, I'm learning to budget because I have a horse to pay for	0
I need to hurry and get away, can't wait to leave all this Bs in London behind	Waiting to hear back on the application I put in two days ago.  They should really work on their response time.	0
Getting an early nights sleep the night before an exam is easier said than done, couldn't sleep	Certainly an hour-long trip around the country would make me a lot better. It would clear my mind.	0
The one day that I have a million things to do for school, I have zero motivation. :(	So thankful that G was able to go on a sleepover, nice for her (and me)! Now we need to work on minimizing her tantrums!	0
I drove on ETS2 but for just 40minutes, because my back pain comes from nerves, and when I am stressed or sick, they tend to, I don't know.. But they hurt and my back hurts cause if them Current stage &	Had a great conversation with my brother that really got me thinking about my future career.	0
Finally finished my paper but feel as though it might be the worst thing ever written	I'm proud of myself for dealing with stress.	0
I may or may not have an 8 hour YouTube video of the sound of waves crashing playing to help me sleep. Exam season has got me feeling mega	I hate getting up so early for school but we all have to do things we don't like doing.	0
2013 has turned out to be one of the worst years ever and there's still five months left. I can't take it.	I hope I get some free time from helping out my mom, going to school and working at the same time.	0
Watching little league baseball = fun Helping coach little league baseball = boarder-line cardiac arrest! HitMen LittleLeague	I hope anyone with issues relating to your mental and physical health gets in touch with Jazz so that they can find a solution for their problems.	0
I woke up too a fucked up thought/dream and now my day will be spent on this couch." storyofmylife	Even knowing I will never be able to control everything, it's hard to not get affected by few little problems and feel like all day grumpy.	0
And you know if I wasn't living here I would never be asked can't I just go back in time  annoyed	My headache is troubling me. It would be nice if I could opt for a long relaxing bath or a holiday.	0
This shouldn't be eating me up so much.I mean I'm the one who has the part who cares what would have happened.yet again.	If I can‚Äôt find the remote, then I can change it with my hands.	0
When you miss school then have to catch up on everything you missed. hateenglish grrrrrrr :(	I’m sure I will be okay tomorow.	0
I'm stopping things here for myself and others and I'm sad my baby is sick	Can't wait for my birthday to be here it will be amazing especially after working so much at school.	0
Knowing what I should be doing n wanting to do the total opposite annoying somebodyslapme	Everything will be fine, these bad times will pass, and I will get to enjoy what I love doing!	0
Can't wait to go out Sunday and it's only Monday! Need to have a drink, get all dressed up and let my hair down	Well I made it one period before going home which feel satisfied	0
It's going to be hard to do track and be in an AP class!! strugglesoflife	I hope my transfer to Telford brings better days at my workplace and gives me more peace of mind.	0
Ugh im out at 12 ! I thought I was out at 11 ! Wtf man .. whatever makingmoney gottagetthecarontheroadagain struggling ughfml	It is hard to figure out where to start, when you have too much to do. Let me calm down to know where to start	0
It's definitely not been 2 months. It's been 2 weeks since I've seen my boyfriend. Sorry guys I've been losing my mind	Taking my dog to the vet, so we can figure out what is wrong, and get him better.	0
Can school just be closed so I don't have to do this English paper? Please? FuckSchool	In future I am going to use a meditation app to wind down before bed. That way I should be able to avoid lying awake for hrs with my mind racing.	0
no one is more stressed out than my Alaia zipper today!!! 2 stomach flu away from goal weight	My love for alone time seems to give people the wrong impression of my feelings and intentions, I need to do a better job with communicating my need for solitude.	0
Two big presentations in a day! I hope I don't mess up and talk abt wolves in biotech class and fuels in ecology class! thatwouldsuck	I'll check my work in the future a lot earlier than the deadline, so I don't get stressed.	0
Why is packing for holidays so hard I got 4 days till my holiday and ended up packing 2 suitcases  I either have some clothes I wont use or Ill end up getting on holiday and finding I forgot something  I hate packing  holidays packing JustSaying	I'm not on my best days but at least I'm alive	0
I'm so over all this bad. Can something please go right for me for more than a couple days??	Got to know someone today, and met them from the restroom funnily enough.	0
Considering I studied for the connective tissue quiz and still did bad, I am so screwed for tomorrow's test	It has been a long day today. It is natural for me to feel down with headache and dehydration. Reminding of the days of being like a student nurse!	0
need feel better and have my voice back by Thursday is that too much to ask?!	Ignoring homework to think about other things. Daydreaming	0
I wish I could go back to being a little kid and not worry about anything!!!!	I won't be falling back asleep now, so I may as well get some work done	0
hate it when I can be a stroppy cow .. I don't mean to be tired	I have been having a heavy mind lately, but I am fighting hard to get through it as I strongly believe that this too will pass.	0
I find it difficult to decide what colour to paint my nails, so making hard decisions is almost impossible	I‚Äôll relax as soon as I finish all these meetings and homework.	0
I need to sit down and color or write to relieve this stress.. hellokitty crayons paper	I need to be better at focusing on my work. Procrastination will do me no good.	0
If you only knew how hard I work to make my performances be epic! Another day in the life of Darren The Soul Entertainer	I have the dance show at the same weekend of my brother and boyfriends graduation but at least there will be a dance show so I am happy for that.	0
Well my 3 presentations I have to do and test to study for this week just got alittle harder to do	Being sick for a long period of time is awful hopefully they can find out what's wrong soon.	0
6 days into 2020 and I already feel like I need a media/news break. Shit is crazy rn. Imagine a week without news, worldwide. Time for everyone to come to their senses. Uhg. news media overload	Having a drink during stressful time can make me feel better.	0
accepting the fact that i might fail my sociology exam? or maybe like all of them? ohwell	I will leave him alone, and he will call back.	0
I wish I was laying on the beach right now, even though I have a love hate relationship with sand	I have many tests in one day I have to prepare for that otherwise I worry about the marks.	0
I am so tired of, Russia, Putin, Ukraine, ImpeachmentHearing, supposed indictments, fake news, hoax anything, etc Can we just go back in time and STOP Trump from being elected? anxiety	I got girl scout cookies from the cutest little girls after my test	0
I keep checking pegasus even though I know Ill get a text when my results are up	I'm missing my friends and family back home, but I'm looking forward to this upcoming semester at UNI.	0
Wish someone would just tell me what I need to do with my life I can't decide on my own	I dealt with a lot of problems today, but I'm grateful that there were some really positive moments as well.	0
I cannot wait to go home and kick my feet up for 5 days. I freaking deserve it. Rough 2 days ahead.	Dressing well is not an easy job but it worth it to boost your self estime the way it does!	0
Can someone push me down the stairs so i dont have to take my AP test ?	I hope I make a good friend shortly in whom I can vent soon.	0
One day before I leave for SXSW and my MacBook Pro trackpad has decided to go insane. Any tips?	After I'm done with studying I'll be able to have my dream job!	0
i guess ill go studyy and do all this work + read a book for this damn project	Lets make life easy instead of making it harder.	0
Trying to plan festival outfits for a fest in October is just plain hard..like yet alone I never been to Vegas so wtf is the weather Im thinking pants and crops all weekend but if Im hot in the mosh pits ima die	I'm thankful my brain is so active.	0
The past like 2 weeks has just been a crazy, confusing, awk situation. Like just everything. Lol ineedab	Dreams are just dreams so I should not give them much importance.	0
Hard college chem test has hit me again! Gotta pass this final with a A! Ugh!	I got through the day in one piece! And I'm thankful for that!	0
if it wasn't for Revenge and Once Upon a Time Sundays would be the worst day of the week	I have not had a good sleep, and it is 6.a.m. I hope I can overlook the things going on in my mind and get some good sleep.	0
Ever have those days where you are so tired of being tired and that tires you out to the point where you can feel yourself getting a headache due to fatigue and that pisses you off so much but you're too tired to deal with that. Naptime. Hypothyroidism	Ready to drive home and spend the day relaxing	0
Literally been doing homework all day. So when I went upstairs to ask if dinner was done, I said "is homework done yet?"..	I'm finding singing and dance hard right now but I know I can improve with time.	0
absolutely shocking customer service.. Rude, condescending and obnoxious. Don't listen to what you ask them.. Wanted 20 pounds on gas and electric, they only put it on my gas and now had to top up again. Bring back the app.. So simple and easy to use.	I have to be grateful for always being calm and not being like him	0
That terrible feeling when you realize all the things you still have to do and you just wanna go to bed <;<;<;<; tired homework	I completed my work, Now I am getting ready to sleep.	0
It's not fun at all having two medically fragile kids, one of which has a preexisting respiratory condition, during a serious respiratory related virus pandemic.	Passing my exam takes determination and even though I am scared, I know I can pass this!	0
I hate being torn between something that I wish I had and something that's in the past. Wish there was nothing	We got to get out for a dinner and concert tonight.	0
Some days you put on your big girl panties, dry the tears and pretend like life is peachy. mylife	The neighbors are watching the Oscars at too high a volume so I'm going to tell them to turn it down.	0
So, I wake up with a cold sore the size of my cheek. Obviously tired and run down this past week. studentnurse	If I start looking now I can find night soil men and temporary toilets for the family wedding on saturday.	0
I'm so stressed cos everyone's skint and I'm skint and no one can afford a dress, I swear I could cry	Finished 2,000 words of my assignment and now only 2,000 left for me to finish.	0
Catching up on CBB I can't handle Dappy!! and Lee needs to get a grip!	I hope I get to the store so that I am able to buy new jeans for tomorrow.	0
in things that aren't really making me grumpy but much rather how horrible are deadlines aye?	Decisions is a great opportunity to grow as a person	0
I just need to stop and take a nap I can't do this paper for the life of me.	I'm happy I finally have my pin and number working correctly.	0
These next couple weeks - especially next weekend is going to be the ultimate test of whether I can handle this.	I'm thankful that I am able to handle the workload of exams that come right after Christmas.	0
Every builder that I give a job to continually cancels on me, it takes these ppl months to get round to doing a days workwhy?	Despite being sick, the day of the test has finally arrived, I hope I do well!	0
Thinking about dropping it, but then again I wanna challenge myself, but then again I don't like writing essays in history  Stressed	My dissertation deadline is exactly 1 month today, and I'm not even halfway through. Not giving up though! There's still time!	0
So over this week. I hate school and all the work that comes with it.	Having stress it's part of what makes the human life be what it is.	0
Got a lot on my mind tonight. A lot of options out there for me to choose from, and it makes things that much harder	I hope to be done with graduation soon so that I can enjoy a good night's sleep after.	0
The fact that my portfolio is due Wednesdays and I need to still do the whole thing	I am excited about the days when I have less on my plate and my stress is gone.	0
Understand that being constantly isn't just bad for your mind, it can severely affect your	Whenever LeBron James makes his decision, I'll be interested to see it.	0
Bitch said I want ya to watch while I suck the skin of his dick off.. Where did mTV found this girl	I want to move away from paris, I cant wait to start a new life with Romeo	0
now that its the end of the semester im freaking out trying to get everything done :/	Being part of a job is a team effort	0
I'm just so tired I feel like giving up on school its always something I never win	im excited to go home and take a hot bath and sip on a glass of wine?	0
Feeling like I'm going to let the team down if I don't get this move right,stupid legs	I'm glad I'm finishing high school, it will be a test of how responsible I can be.	0
It really annoys me how Prencis gives homework on the same day he gave a test annoyed	My skin is usually so good, I am lucky, I know it will get better again.	0
Want to go to sleep now and wake up on june 21st when these stupid exams are over :(	If this week of school had six days I would spend the last day smile.	0
I feel like a lot of big changes are going to be made in my life..	I have still got a 15 -page paper to do by Friday and I hope to finish it on time.	0
I See Bags under Selenas eyes. She is hurt. and Depressed from all the "hate." If u ALL dont help her CAREER she will fail.!	I can't wait for the day that I'm officially over you. Exhausted from this. I know it will come though. Hanging in there.	0
Rough draft due on Tuesday :/ I just can't get off my phone to do any of it hahaha	We have to give speeches once a week in my speech class and I have to get used to it. No wonder it's called speech class! There are other better things in school though!	0
Finals week will always be known as "The reason I became an alcoholic" finals student ilovecollege	I need to study for the exam so, I can get excellent grades.	0
so many clothes, absolutely nothing to wear - and I've got no time to go into town tomorrow and buy anything	3 more days for the weekend. It would be a welcome break after the first week at my new job.	0
I apologize to everybody here lately for being short and probably even rude. ForgiveMe	I received a bad news, and I don't know what to do. But I'm resilient, and I know I can overcome this.	0
Left 4 hours early, still missed my train by 3 minutes. Had to buy a whole new ticket :( screwyouDCtraffic	I am really worried since the rent hasn't reached the landlord, and it's making me panick, but it must be some minor delay and I am sure it will reach him.	0
I hate going to work on gross days like this. I just rather watch movies and listen to music all day	My essay is halfway done. When I finish, I'm going to have a drink to relax!	0
The fact I will practically be in Cardiff tomorrow yet won't be able to watch the rugby is seriously depressing. filming	Having a cup of tea to go with this bath will certainly ease the headache.	0
After the worst week i cant wait to sit in the pub with a drink maybe 10 and 10 shots	My work doesn’t seem to go smoothly. But I am glad it will over in the next two weeks.	0
Laying in bed over thinking things, I wish I could see a glimpse of the future confused  Amen	After 10am on Friday will be so awesome because I'll have no worries related to school.	0
how are u gonna cope if I worked that I'd fail hands down :( I've compromised tho said I'd work the Fri instead :/	When all my schoolwork is done, I'll be able to sleep peacefully	0
Waiting to take a test for mrs hoard..counting down the days till Mexico 10days cantwait	Tomorrow I will delegate my time better so that I can accomplish everything I want to do.	0
College is seriously so hard and these next 5 weeks aren't going to be getting easier	I hope to get some motivation to work on this speech or I can just sleep to feel better.	0
So tired of being stressed out about everything I just wanna cry all the time and I bite everyones head off for any little thing!	Starbucks should make their prices more affordable.	0
How am I supposed to get these invitations done within a couple weeks and send them out if I'm not govern the information	I have a dr appointment tomorrow so I am hoping that my results are good and everything goes well.	0
I just wish I had help, but no. I have to do it on my own. Like always.	I have been studying so hard I hope I get the grade I deserve.	0
Hold tight and keep on going. moods mood instasad hate boringday nothappy sad goingmental insta lifesucks sadday nolove help depressed badmood sadness hope upset crying cheermeup me cry	Can’t wait untill I get my photopass email.	0
I swear its hard to take people telling me I lost weight, as a compliment	Time to focus on deep breathing, it will get easier with practice.	0
My main pet peeve is crying in front of people, and I did it twice in one day fml I just sometimes wanna justsay goodbye.	Waking up early as 5 is something that I don’t like much.	0
how can I study here in marawi? I have a crazy recit tomorrow. grrr. sick and	I want to take rest after my studies.	0
Already had a mental breakdown and it's only the first day, that's how much shit I got for homework	I can't wait for the weeks holiday after finishing the work!	0
Long day, tired and ? Try just taking a few minutes, make yourself a cup of chamomile tea! Add a little honey in it and enjoy	We should be patience and lead our life peaceful.	0
Its 11pm and I've not moved from my seat for studying and I started at 20 past 3, WHERE DID THE NIGHT GO	I'm tired of talking about cars. All I can think about right now is food, but soon I'll be free, and finally eat.	0
These past four months have been extremely hard on my family. I don't understand why things happened the way they did.	I will be able to go through stress because I am a strong person and I have high self-esteem.	0
set a quit smoking date for tomorrow . It is a nasty habit that i cant wait to end. My life is much more important then nicotine	I would love to be done with tomorrow's exam so that I can enjoy a good nights sleep afterwards.	0
Been going to sleep at 5am lets see if I can fall asleep early. Exam in the morning.. :/	I will work hard and earn money to keep my mom happier.	0
thinking about the finals.. even the study guides are hard. but i gotta pull through..	I'm not sure my work situation is right for me, so I'm going to explore new opportunities.	0
If you think being a cashier is easy, especially at Dick's Sporting Goods, then you are WRONG!	I have prom tonight, and I'm so excited to go.  Everything is going to be so great.	0
i just feel like breaking down again :/ why does my mom want me to quit smoking weed	I have decided to confront the situation which is what I should have done.	0
I just want to go home today has been a horrible day! I need time to be with people I love	I'm craving a beer, so I'm going to go on a run to get it out of my system.	0
Im really sad that she wants to leave. But if its sumn she really wants to do i have to let her go ..	I've done six hours of coursework and need to hand in three assignments by Thursday, but then I'll be done!	0
I feel like an ant and school is a little kid with a squirt gun trying to drown me.	This was our most difficult assignment so far, but at least it's over.	0
Off to work 3-10 then 7am tomorrow then long weekend abd vacation!! I need this time to myself!	I am a bit stressed about the future and I hope it holds something good in store for me.	0
getting STRESSEDabout my partyits onyl supposed to be a small thing.and im and no rsvp.maybe noones coming hahah	I hope I have a quiet day in the office today so that I can finish my day quickly.	0
I health we learned that crying and laughing for no reason is a sign of stress. I've been doing that a lot lately.	Feeling tired? Confianza a naturally based supplement will help you boost your energy levels.	0
Sick and my boss is still making me come to work. Plus I have a test and two papers due Thursday plus 3 games this week	As soon as the day is over, I can relax watching TV.	0
Well needed maccies stop for a coffee.. Why do people always ring in sick on the one day you are in the office alone?	My mom said I look tired today, at least It's nice to have someone to acknowledge my efforts and feelings.	0
I really HATE growing up. Why cant i go back to being 16 and careless?	Today is going to be a long day, but at the end I can go home and get some sleep.	0
The last 48 hours have been the most stressful in a long time. Is it bad that I wish this week would just hurry up and end	I understand that everyone works at a different pace, we are all going to get to the top eventually, just keep on hoping!	0
Im So Glad Its Friday But I Got A Midterm Today And A Unit Test. I Just Wanna Pass. stressed eeeewtests :/	I would love to fall asleep quicker.	0
Sorting your child out in the school holidays when you work full time is hard work!!	I'm pretty sure that I will find a way to work in this essay with ease!	0
Just wanna watch sad movies and cry all night. Just in that kinda mood. bestcrier	I have had a hard day today but I still managed to have cereal instead of cookie dough.	0
30 min phone call talking to a monkey  why even bother attempting to talk to me if you DONT UNDERSTAND ENGLISH	I would love a hug from someone close to me right now. I really do need it.	0
Rant 2 : flying to Ontario in less than 3 days has my anxiety level through the damn roof .	I lost my key at the pub, but I'm sure I'll find it if I retrace my steps.	0
I apologize to anyone who came in contact with me today. I've been in a mood.  tired	I will stop being a hypocrite and stop eating.	0
I wish I could say "I'm fine" and mean it, but I can't. Because I'm not fine.	This is going to be over soon and I will have lots of time to relax.	0
I just completely bombed that test Seriously NEVER taken a test that hard. I forgot EVERYTHING!!!	I'm thankful people trust me to stop me and ask for directions.	0
C2 maths is so hard just did a past paper could only do like 2 questions, you wouldn't think my exams next week	This stress is giving me an appearance of a 13 -year old boy, but I hope my face brightens up after my visit to the salon.	0
Seriously Ill put my bed on wheels and take it to Leeds if it means I can have my operation!  NHSCrisis	I am glad to be cooking after this illness.	0
Saturday's are such a drag here at the hotel. Can't do my work till 3am due to weekly maintenance, and everything gets compressed because of it.	The best way to get back to testing is to study and practice more	0
Dunno what's worse, that Shane long's scored or that it looks like he's scored against Germany.	I'm sick but nothing a break with a long sleep can't fix.	0
I hate stupid people. They piss me off so fucken much. God send me the straight to deal with them. annoyed upset	This is going to be a very exciting game!	0
Singing used to be second nature to me, but it seems to get harder, not easier I don't know what to do.	I made it home from the day, now I'm going to bed to have a good rest.	0
i dk if i'm 2 crazy or 2 sane antinatalism Vegan mentalillness depression OCD AnimalCruelty anxiety	I've been afraid to have an affair with my flatmate, thanks god because my ex is back	0
Spent all night filling in replacement passport forms, because of course there is passport drama the week before we go abroad.	Even if tomorrow is the longest day ever I am a strong person so I can take on the two tests and the oral presentation after which I will be having the spring break.	0
2019 is shaping up to be the worst year ever! Lost my Mum and my dog within days of each other. Work has been tough. I have hip problems and pain and I havent had a holiday of any sort! Send kitten pics! sad	I'm trying to find a pair of shoes, but I can't because my wardrobe is so messed up, and on second thought, this is the perfect time to organize it and stop procrastinating.	0
Being at Midlands at 8:30 is gonna stink But it'll be so worth it if all this crap gets figured out.	Running will help me feel better.	0
Off to college with a migraine! Can't put to words how painful the sun is for my head	Ive succesfully completed one test, two meetings, a doctors appointment and a clinical. I am on a role.	0
I need an extra week for reading week please  just to get all my crap together  arghhh	I hope to find a date and do my shopping for my prom that is coming up in a month and half soon.	0
scared sick mad stressed nervous angry dissapointed <;<;<; All of what im feeling right now! !	It took half the semester to finish half this book. Now the man wants us to finish the other half in 2 days. The good thing is now I'm going to learn how to get things done under pressure.	0
Hate it wen ur brains makes you think about things that you dont want to think about scared worried	Once winter break starts I'll be able to relax and hang with my friends.	0
Had a really bad day today to crap to believe and I hate it when you get the blame when u did not do it arrrr	I sometimes want to quit school, but I know if I continue to try hard it will all be worth it!	0
My sister fucked up her knee at work and was rushed to the hospital. Can we ever NOT have an injury in this family? praying	Sometimes I have a dream that I do something bad, and I wake up feeling guilty and fearing the consequence. But then I realize it's just a dream, and I feel better.	0
nothing better than stressing so much over an assignment that you make yourself physically sick :( philosophyproblems	I can't wait for Friday to be done with my exams and have a relaxing weekend.	0
Tired of calculations.. Afraid of time.. Worried about preparations.. Overthinking Alone negative attitude .. Bad me!	The semester is finally ending, it's over in a week, and I'm so happy about it. Now I'm going to enjoy the vacation.	0
Torn between two really good things is the worst feeling! I wish making big decisions were easy. :/ overthinking blahhh :l	I look forward to the day I am out of my current situation and can have a new start.	0
I'll pray for you. " : I already know that I'm going to have a hard time sleeping tonight nervous	I hope I do not have to go to Southend Hospital again in the near future.	0
Goin to bed depressed suuuuccckkkks big time :/ GINY restless depressed apxcalmockexam in the mornin XP	What a thrilling game! This is so eventful.	0
3 girls in a picture. 2 look good, the other is ugly Why does it have to be the ugly girl page lmao	The end of the week is near so it means I will have time to relax.	0
Whyyyy is finding an apartment for this April so hard?!? C'mon people. I need a place to live.	I have had an entire week of school so at least I get a break away from it even if I have things to do.	0
Dealing with taxes as both a freelancer and business owner just makes me want to curl up in a ball in a dark corner.	Analyzing a lot of budgets is not pleasant. However, I'm sure I'm getting expert on this!	0
I feel like I over packed but at the same time I feel like im missing something.	It's a hassle to order the dress again online from topshop to collect from store tomorrow, but thank God they have the same dress.	0
All the liquor stores are closed! Im still writing papers and I need a dude to come through wit a bottle! Finals	I hope this train enters Brampton late, so that I can get into it on time.	0
You ever try to discipline your dog, and get mad because they're not listening but your more mad at yourself because you never trained your dog to listen. Dogs are worse then	A mental health day would dome wonders rather than a mental health day.	0
It's going to be a rough week so I just gotta take it one day at a time	I have to control my anxiety, so I don't make these mistakes again	0
I don't think that I've ever needed God in my life as much as I do now confused unsureofmypath	These stations have too many ads	0
Always go to school with really smart people! They can help you out of complicated situations! savedmybutt	I have a lot of work to do, but that's university I know I can do it.	0
When my teacher knocks out 2,000 words of my final paper. I suck at writing	The fact that the week is so full of responsibilities just means I’m about to finish the year.	0
I woke up at 4am to do my essay because I was stressed about it. Sigh. Time to go back to bed& wake up in a good hour or so :(	University is very challenging, although I am greatful for the opportunity to improve	0
Dreamt about starting q business to charge for air. Clearly someone is feeling a little stressed out. dreams	A bowl of cereal will make this day a good one!	0
Why are race sleds so temperamental? And why does it seem like all my hobbies are so fricking expensive.	My week may have been hard with my problems at the doctor and the breakup of my hard drive, but none of this is eternal.	0
Stupid computer. Because of you I now have to restart my analysis that I was almost finished with herewego	Studying for all these tests and finals and still wanting to go to a concert	0
got me all buzzed out. Wasn't supposed to go OT. Drank half a pint during isles rush.	I have had 1.5 hours of sleep and I can get 2.5 hours more.  Will be a little tired at work, but I can do this.	0
Aghhh can never be just one thing going wrong everything has to be a shambles at once  99problems	Having a rough day today but at least I will remeber to take my Bliss tomorrow morning.	0
So far behind on uni work its getting stupid. So much for a focused second year.	It would be nice having people express their true emotions so that it would be easier to talk to them.	0
I literally feel like crap all the time, I put myself down constantly, and I wonder why I even try 90% of the time.	I want to take a shower to cleanse away my negative feelings.	0
Everything is so confusing right now my minds constantly spinning I don't know what I want or what I'm feeling right now	I should take it a bit easier so that I can enjoy the match with this beer instead of feeling like being drunk after 2 knackers.	0
relaxing in the tub Bcoz ppl piss me of fuckit coz I cudnt careless anymore	It's a beautiful day for a run outside and it's just the thing I need to clear my mind.	0
Under way to much stress:( I feel like I'm gunna have a heart attack sooner or later .	I need to start following the no phone in the bedroom rule going forward so that I can improve my sleeping habits.	0
I've never know anyone to have such a vile temperament as me! Gets in such a bad mood so easy annoyed	I'm disappointed in myself that I forgot about my exam today and wasn't able to take it.  I know I can do better in the future and just need to become more organized.	0
Fuck eating . Every time I try I feel sick or I do get sick .	People might change their mind about what they want to do in their life and that's normal.	0
I'm so tired but I just don't want to go to sleep. Too much in my mind.	As finals are coming up, they stress me out but they will be over soon.	0
Hate holiday prep! Dont get tickets straight away, then link doesnt work and now had to pay for visa 2ce cause I forgot middle name!	I think we need to talk more between each other, so I understand why you're angry.	0
could do with getting this work done and going home for abit, missing my buds and some down time is needed tennis	Today I'm going to go to bed early and enjoy my sleep after all these exams stress.	0
Sometimes I just wish I could escape to the mountains forever, ski everyday, and not have a care in the world	I am going to focus on myself for the next hour or so and would be in a better frame of mind for the rest of the day.	0
Gosh! Who knew towing a car could be so hard. You have to be in sync with the other driver.	Ive had a good day on Trent and been productive at uni, I can do my essay‚Äôs after my nap.	0
I've been so stressed since my mom's passing that know my mctd is kicking my butt  all my body hurst	Taking care of puppies is a tough job, the joy it brings to your mind is worth all the trouble.	0
So confusing when you wanna upgrade/change parts on your PC . Maybe we just need a bigger house to make it easier !!!	Midterms will soon be over, and I'll be able to enjoy my break.	0
Dr. Gannon need to hurry uo and cone back from vacation because im ready for my mom to come home its been long enough so :(	I'm heartbroken, but this too shall pass.	0
4 tests, 1 four hour long sims simulation, 1 vocal evaluation, and 2 essays done. All on 3 hours of sleep	I want today to be over, this is the worst I've overcome this year, I hope to be quick and done with Mental Health Awareness	0
seeing couples doing summer activities and then looking at my life and seeing 12 credit hours of school work stressed notfair	Still i have to develop my relationship to be strong with her.	0
Why do people say go to college?.Is it so you can waste your life savings still going in debt, and get ulcers?	Despite the events, I'm still feeling very energetic.	0
Anxiety is something thats hard to turn off and when its on high alert it hurts not only yourself but the ones around u as well. winterblues	Just two days before prom Andrew steps on my big toe and break my nail but apart from that I'm fine.	0
I had a dream about playing with a babyand then it pooped on meWHAT DOES THIS MEAN?!	I can't wait for the drugs to kick in, so I will be pain free	0
I wish someone would give me $1000 and I could fix half my problems! I'd even pay them back! (Slowly) is $30 a week enough?	It is so sad about the children inthe car on the show. I am thankful my children are ok.	0
Blowing up 's twitter feed is keeping me busy while me and spend ridiculous amounts of time on hold to them!	I'm tired of everything being left up to me to do. From now on, I'll challenge myself to say no more often and make time for myself!	0
going to hair school was one of my dreams since i was a little girl so i went and it was the worst thing ive ever done in my life lol so now im stuck in a place trying to figure out what im supposed to do w my life now	June 2019 has not been a great month. K now has a concussion. Hopefully when July comes along things will get better!	0
I want braids, but my bday is coming and I always do a length check with my hair straightened for my bday :(	Trying to figure out next semesters classes is a lot harder than I thought it would be, but I'm confident it's going to be okay in the end of all.	0
Like wtf just happen today. I feel like I just crashed into a brick wall with a whole bunch of work to do	I have been in the library since 2 studying for bio and I'm not even half way done. this is going to be tough but it's important to learn it	0
I wish I could just run away from here and never look back. I'm so sick of getting treated the way I do neverchanges crying	I don't think I made the best choices at work today but there is always tomorrow.	0
apartment hunting is exhausting and frustrating. if anyone knows anything about the outer Boston area, please let me know!	Even if it's your father, sometimes you should remove people from your life who don't make you happy.	0
Emotional moment over bottles of ketchup at dinner tonight was clearly prelude to essay completion. crazy	I found that science test really hard although I might have passed still.	0
Only time I don't feel or upset is when I'm with you forserious you ease my mind like	I wish I would feel relaxed after watching Fall in love with me.	0
It's hard making a plan for college when I don't even know what to do yet..	With a little more workout, working nights with on Mondays would be pretty enjoyable.	0
I don't know what to do or how to respond I don't want to say no or yes Why does this have to be so hard fuckprom	I am sure that my feelings towards you will be back to normal tomorrow when I am in a better frame of mind.	0
Not a good day, feeling like a failure to myself. I just want to take nursing already!	I have had a blip today in my studies although I am going to try my best to keep up my hard work.	0
I thought that hell week was over today, but NO. Tomorrow's gonna be the last one. :(	I would like to sleep and enjoy solitariness for a while.	0
I thought doctors are supposed to know this stuff, i want to know whats wrong already	A good way for England to win is to find a way to get Suarez out of the game.	0
Soo I have to do this stupid reading project and I have a soccer game tonight	Stress it's part of life but at least the desserts will make me feel better.	0
having a project due this Friday when I thought it was next Friday is not ok	Had a really productive week this week and only had a 30-minute break, but next week will be more relaxed.	0
What is your ultimate film to watch when you're feeling down or stressed? Mine has got to be Bridesmaids. film down	I wake up at 6am on Saturdays sometimes but at least I get to have a productive day.	0
My to do list of things I have to do before I leave for Mexico is so unbelievably long.	Tomorrow is going to be a stressful day for me, I have to prepare for that.	0
Thanks phone for turning yourself off last night and now making me late for work	The wifi here could really do with an upgrade.	0
Is it bad that I'm already stressed and the first week if school isn't even over with?	Even though I have a lot of data to manage at least it means that I have something to do in my life so that's good.	0
I just want it to be 4:00 so I can go home. So much to do :(	DeStress sessions is very good for solving Stiff pain weak pain in quadriceps	0
Ugh I just wanna cuddle but the boyfriend is sick and asleep already :( lonely sickandtired	I am sick of Brexit taking so long, but I need to focus on other things in my life.	0
Being stressed is probably the worst thing ever..Softball is seriously the only thing that makes me happy anymore.	Well, I am a bit distracted since it is summer and there are other things I'd rather be doing, but I know I am growing by keeping my eyes on the goal	0
Wedding on 26th and off to America on May 2nd! Juggling work, website, a 3 yearold and wedding plans aswell as a broken car!	I need to take a break and talk to noone for a month and clear my head, that will really help me get back on track.	0
Ive lost the beginning to my ends, so now where do we meet? Somewhere in the	I thank God for being able to balance school and life in general.	0
i hate this. i try to be confident but get shot down every time. at this point idk if i want to go to prom or not	I have much work to get done in the next three weeks and don’t have much information, but I am sure I can pull through.	0
Im so stressed - my sisters not coming home for Christmas. This means Im in charge of Christmas lunch - I cannot be! Ill make salad and chicken and my mom will freak out.	I believe that things will work out for me, and since I am not in need of money the things should be easier to get.	0
Laying in bed. Its yucky out.. Its dark in here, im pissed, im stressed. Save me.	I'm thankful I have lots of time to learn all this drug information five days a week.	0
Need to apply for uni soon but im still having soooo much trouble deciding what i want to do .. help	The past months haunting me will not go on forever so after some time I will feel better.	0
I think I've lost the plot. I've spent a considerable amount of time outrageously laughing at some of the articles on Buzzfeed. ?	I would love a couple of days of rest so that I can clear my head and go back to feeling normal.	0
Loads of new makeup for my birthday but can't do anything until broken leg heals! mua. Maybe new face charts!	Today's not a good day but I am determined to attend all classes today and not be held down.	0
took a 3 hour nap and then drank a cup of coffee and I'm still yawning.. I think something's wrong here? examweek lackofsleep	I’m sure if I’ve had problems with Csn then several others have as well.	0
I'm that tired I think I'm hallucinating, can't wait for today to be over gonna be a long day! tired uni	I feel like I've been in school for like a month and it's been two days, but the weekend is coming.	0
I need a pastry internship for the fall and i dont think ill find one , ive looked through websites but i couldnt find!!	I've been having a bad day, but bad days happen. Tomorrow is another day.	0
hearing about my next few weeks of classes makes me want to throw up somanyexams	I'm so excited for tomorrow. It will be a new day with new opportunities	0
Ready for my boyfriend to get out of practice so I will have someone to talk to..	I try to work hard to recollect my data.	0
For fuck sake lost me bingo dabber 7 bells will be here before a know it	I need you to text me back in ten minutes	0
Work hard, play hard. You joking? More like work hard and sleep for 3 days	I appreciate the ability I have to work 24 hours straight, I just can't let it hurt me.	0
I spent today shouting at children to stop throwing ice spears at each other. How was your day?	Need a massage. Wishing it'd come soon	0
These children are a handful. I never realized how hard it was to be a helper at the recital.	I think teachers want to see our effort in their subjects	0
trying to purchase a trip with my new jetblue card and your "system is down" for over 24 hours.	I finally finished my college work, and now I enjoy hugs from my niece, my princess.	0
as i get further into the barron's book i feel like i get worse and worse.	There is a fussy boy on this bus ride to Merthyr.	0
I know I only go half days, but I got a lot on my plate even with that.	This week is going to be a busy week with 2 exams and a comp, but I am well-prepared for it. I can take it easy.	0
Knowing you have a lot of crap to get done is one of the worst feelings in the world. blah	Getting ready for this quiz tomorrow	0
omg life is so hard aaagggghhhhh i think i should give up but wonder how i will turn out to be	The canceled flights will give me more time to do other things.	0
Can it be tomorrow yet? It hurts to think that I'm not good enough for you. How can I sleep with so much on my mind.	The SDCC hotel lottery is complicated! I am going to ask for help.	0
Hate taking the first test in a class cause I never know what to expect	You don't know how much stuff you DON'T NEED until you start packing for uni.	0
Should i stick with it and possibly get in a lot of trouble or should i just move on.	So today I get told my whole dissertation needs to be done	0
Sick of being broke, sick of having nothing to do. I'm just going fucking nuts and there's no one to vent to.	I am feeling very stressed, but I know that I have the coping skills to get through this.	0
Anybody would think I'm 13 again and going through puberty with the amount of spots that have appeared on my chin. disgusting	I can't wait to clean the house and get done with the backlog of accounts so that I can have an early night.	0
How come it seems the spring semester is harder than the fall semester? collegelife overwhelmed	I have a final exam in 12 hours and I can't sleep. I suppose I'll sleep like a baby when it's over.	0
The snow and ice is bringing out the crazy in me. I don't like change and I don't like feeling like a hostage to bad weather.	I hope I make it in time for the BGC volleyball qualifications.	0
The amount of stuff I need to sort out before moving back to Newcastle is unbelievable	The library is closed on Friday's, so it is a good day to have fun.	0
Ok.lets talk about thiswhat is gonna happen with the snow on Christmas? stressed not knowing lol	I got my first final in an hour, and it's not that good. I still have to study for tomorrow, but soon Christmas break is coming, and I'll be free.	0
I need to get away from this city for a bit. I can't wait for the holidays to be over so I can leave.	I need to get away from this city for a bit. I can't wait for the holidays to be over so I can leave.	0
Why does it have to be so hard to network if you are into gaming I am so	Why does it have to be so hard to network if you are into gaming I am so	0
I have less than 2 hours to get home and make mashed potatoes from scratch!!	I have less than 2 hours to get home and make mashed potatoes from scratch!!	0
Like I know what I want so why can't it just happen ? Or would that just be to easy? life frustrated	Like I know what I want so why can't it just happen ? Or would that just be to easy? life frustrated	0
It will be a miracle if I don't have a mental breakdown before this week is over.	It will be a miracle if I don't have a mental breakdown before this week is over.	0
I am so upset right now, I havent liked anybodys post in the past 24 hours, I think I have run out of likes or have hit my like limit.	I am so upset right now, I havent liked anybodys post in the past 24 hours, I think I have run out of likes or have hit my like limit.	0
I have a huge project due tomorrow morning. But where do I have to be, a stupid basketball game dumb	I have a huge project due tomorrow morning. But where do I have to be, a stupid basketball game dumb	0
If I make I through today, it will be a work of God. sick tired	If I make I through today, it will be a work of God. sick tired	0
This is not good I went from Weighing 120 pounds at the beginning of this year too now I weigh 96 pounds	This is not good I went from Weighing 120 pounds at the beginning of this year too now I weigh 96 pounds	0
Wish i could make a decision about what i wanted to do with my life stressed	Wish i could make a decision about what i wanted to do with my life stressed	0
UGH we have to sample all our heme manuallydo you know how hard it is to keep up with a slow Sysmex with 3 other instruments?	UGH we have to sample all our heme manuallydo you know how hard it is to keep up with a slow Sysmex with 3 other instruments?	0
I thought I was going to go to bed early, boy did I think wrong. cantsleep insomnia	I thought I was going to go to bed early, boy did I think wrong. cantsleep insomnia	0
damn I only have half an hour to an hour to finish my last paper idk if I can do it finials senior allnighter	damn I only have half an hour to an hour to finish my last paper idk if I can do it finials senior allnighter	0
Failure is never okay with me. Particularly when it has to do w/my future I'll be at the library all day studying if you need me.	Failure is never okay with me. Particularly when it has to do w/my future I'll be at the library all day studying if you need me.	0
I WILL be able to get a different phone because the one I got today sucks! confusing	I WILL be able to get a different phone because the one I got today sucks! confusing	0
It takes me at least five days in advance to figure out what to wear for AC..	It takes me at least five days in advance to figure out what to wear for AC..	0
Well if things work out, ill be going to the doctors tomorrow. Hopefully it's nothing to bad. worried	Well if things work out, ill be going to the doctors tomorrow. Hopefully it's nothing to bad. worried	0
I know it's politically incorrect to hate on babies, but some of them really are arseholes!! screaming	I know it's politically incorrect to hate on babies, but some of them really are arseholes!! screaming	0
It seems like all I do is sleep work sleep work sleep work.. tired of being a grown-up.. I wanna be like 8 again!!	It seems like all I do is sleep work sleep work sleep work.. tired of being a grown-up.. I wanna be like 8 again!!	0
Dance dreams are the worst. I seriously can't handle another dream about breaking my neck or back	Dance dreams are the worst. I seriously can't handle another dream about breaking my neck or back	0
Life can be so stressful sometimes! I need a hot bubble bath and a cold drink.	Life can be so stressful sometimes! I need a hot bubble bath and a cold drink.	0
If its not one thingits another. Nd if its not that its something else I really wanna say FUCK EVERYTHING!!! nd I just might	If its not one thingits another. Nd if its not that its something else I really wanna say FUCK EVERYTHING!!! nd I just might	0
I dont trust him and his Etonian cronies who have millions stashed away in off shore funds as far as I could push them - they are a disgrace to the human race!! Also BJs looking knackered now as well, I wonder why??	I dont trust him and his Etonian cronies who have millions stashed away in off shore funds as far as I could push them - they are a disgrace to the human race!! Also BJs looking knackered now as well, I wonder why??	0
well it's starting at the right time because I am and need to take some anger out!!!	well it's starting at the right time because I am and need to take some anger out!!!	0
Why do I get upset all the time? Hate being by meself, get emotional easier.	Why do I get upset all the time? Hate being by meself, get emotional easier.	0
If You had the balls to Leave without Caring, Don't Bother Coming Back!!!!!!! Disappointed Angry	If You had the balls to Leave without Caring, Don't Bother Coming Back!!!!!!! Disappointed Angry	0
another late night and early morning College work has taken over my lifecollege coursework fashion tired exhausted	another late night and early morning College work has taken over my lifecollege coursework fashion tired exhausted	0
I should have ratted on you, but I didn't because I'm not as mean a person as you.	I should have ratted on you, but I didn't because I'm not as mean a person as you.	0
I need to blow a blunt asap. It's been a long day. Headphones are in and the volume is	I need to blow a blunt asap. It's been a long day. Headphones are in and the volume is	0
The only thing keeping me going is knowing everyday that goes by is one day closer to closing on our house..	The only thing keeping me going is knowing everyday that goes by is one day closer to closing on our house..	0
after 6 hours of research and typing I am half way through my psychology essay and haven't even started my english one fuck	after 6 hours of research and typing I am half way through my psychology essay and haven't even started my english one fuck	0
Finding it really hard getting in all my meals with work  how do you all do it????	Finding it really hard getting in all my meals with work  how do you all do it????	0
This is the 3rd floor. You don't giggle here. Go flirt downstairs, ya little shits.	This is the 3rd floor. You don't giggle here. Go flirt downstairs, ya little shits.	0
I'm about to have a fucking mental breakdown. Can't wait to finish these 4 fucking final exams	I'm about to have a fucking mental breakdown. Can't wait to finish these 4 fucking final exams	0
I can't remember the last time I didn't have anything to do and I have a game everyday this week and the SAT's and work Saturday..	I can't remember the last time I didn't have anything to do and I have a game everyday this week and the SAT's and work Saturday..	0
It's one o' clock in the morning. i just like spazzed out. felt like just another panic attack. hyperventlating is never fun.	It's one o' clock in the morning. i just like spazzed out. felt like just another panic attack. hyperventlating is never fun.	0
Ive been so busy with school work man so glad next week the last week, im so tired, this last class got me sleepy af  finals next week too so I been trynna study and shit as well fck  Im drained	Ive been so busy with school work man so glad next week the last week, im so tired, this last class got me sleepy af  finals next week too so I been trynna study and shit as well fck  Im drained	0
Seriously who created group chats i'm talking to 6 different groups right now and God forbid i message the wrong group	Seriously who created group chats i'm talking to 6 different groups right now and God forbid i message the wrong group	0
Helped shovel my sister's drive yesterday. It's 2:30 am and my shoulder hurts and I can't sleep. This sucks.	Helped shovel my sister's drive yesterday. It's 2:30 am and my shoulder hurts and I can't sleep. This sucks.	0
Finally time to watch Game of Thrones! I am not mentally or emotionally prepared for this!!! GameOfThrones GameOfThronesFinale ForTheThrone TheLastEpisode	Finally time to watch Game of Thrones! I am not mentally or emotionally prepared for this!!! GameOfThrones GameOfThronesFinale ForTheThrone TheLastEpisode	0
Like why does all my teachers make projects do on the same day imonlyhuman can't spread my self thin	Like why does all my teachers make projects do on the same day imonlyhuman can't spread my self thin	0
extremely convinced by d insensitivity of this govt towards traffic gridlock, 3mb is on stand still.	extremely convinced by d insensitivity of this govt towards traffic gridlock, 3mb is on stand still.	0
Finals weeka slow and stressful death. I thought I could taste summer but nope not even close.	Finals weeka slow and stressful death. I thought I could taste summer but nope not even close.	0
Just want all my college work finished now :( - hate written workdance college Anniesland history everything sad annoyed	Just want all my college work finished now :( - hate written workdance college Anniesland history everything sad annoyed	0
In 2 hours ill be taking my second to last final but im not close to being ready nervous	In 2 hours ill be taking my second to last final but im not close to being ready nervous	0
Revision. Absolutely hate physics! I don't understand why I need to learn 'The Life cycle of a Star' I DONT NEED THIS IN LIFE. .	Revision. Absolutely hate physics! I don't understand why I need to learn 'The Life cycle of a Star' I DONT NEED THIS IN LIFE. .	0
I have so many things to do these next 5 days that it's ridiculous! TooBusy LotsOfHomework TestsOnTests Stressed :/	I have so many things to do these next 5 days that it's ridiculous! TooBusy LotsOfHomework TestsOnTests Stressed :/	0
I wish I wasn't in this situation, like I have no idea what to do	I wish I wasn't in this situation, like I have no idea what to do	0
I wish I could make you little and put you in my pocket! Urgent hair needed doing!!!	I wish I could make you little and put you in my pocket! Urgent hair needed doing!!!	0
This semester is so much harder than my first one and it's so hard to stay motivated	This semester is so much harder than my first one and it's so hard to stay motivated	0
24 days. Seriously, this can't come quickly enough. There's so much to do with so little time.	24 days. Seriously, this can't come quickly enough. There's so much to do with so little time.	0
All the school work that I need to do for the end of the semester.. Will not fit in 140 characters or less.	All the school work that I need to do for the end of the semester.. Will not fit in 140 characters or less.	0
So tired but my OCD is kicking in! I will be cleaning until it's spotless!	So tired but my OCD is kicking in! I will be cleaning until it's spotless!	0
Normally I'd be really excited about that, but the fact that I haven't made progress while I've been sick makes much less excited.	Normally I'd be really excited about that, but the fact that I haven't made progress while I've been sick makes much less excited.	0
Going to the dentist always reminds me soo much of why I try soo hard to bail out of it every time!	Going to the dentist always reminds me soo much of why I try soo hard to bail out of it every time!	0
Waiting for the breakdown people to come out. Please tell me what's wrong with my car. Fix it. And let me go away!	Waiting for the breakdown people to come out. Please tell me what's wrong with my car. Fix it. And let me go away!	0
Wondering if I can just move to butternut and start a new life my name is now Jessa	Wondering if I can just move to butternut and start a new life my name is now Jessa	0
Ughhh, I hate it when my mom stresses me out even more! Like can't you see i'm doing whatever possible to graduate??	Ughhh, I hate it when my mom stresses me out even more! Like can't you see i'm doing whatever possible to graduate??	0
My day went from great to being super annoyed with life in a matter of 20min.	My day went from great to being super annoyed with life in a matter of 20min.	0
Tried BBC1 Stress programme. me out so much in the 1st 5 mins that I switched off. Awful music and screechy voices. No thanks.	Tried BBC1 Stress programme. me out so much in the 1st 5 mins that I switched off. Awful music and screechy voices. No thanks.	0
Been a long few days and weeks for that matter. Just really want to get out of this slump NOW!!! tired	Been a long few days and weeks for that matter. Just really want to get out of this slump NOW!!! tired	0
I really do not want to have to keep having these conversations. They go no where and solve nothing. Nothing changes. pissedoff	I really do not want to have to keep having these conversations. They go no where and solve nothing. Nothing changes. pissedoff	0
Only 2 and a half days to go and then I can stand under hot streaming water for a hour without feeling guilty, but for now . still gotta keep working, deadlines lastsprint	Only 2 and a half days to go and then I can stand under hot streaming water for a hour without feeling guilty, but for now . still gotta keep working, deadlines lastsprint	0
Feeling like I got a massive weight on my shoulders right now, can't wait for these exams to be over :(	Feeling like I got a massive weight on my shoulders right now, can't wait for these exams to be over :(	0
Procrastination ): ha and avoiding it by posting it on twitter! Don't care stressed almostdone	Procrastination ): ha and avoiding it by posting it on twitter! Don't care stressed almostdone	0
I know my GSW paper sucks. But I don't know how to fix it. Or care really.	I know my GSW paper sucks. But I don't know how to fix it. Or care really.	0
Im in a blah mood today. I dont wanna do anything. To much going thru my mind. frustrated moody	Im in a blah mood today. I dont wanna do anything. To much going thru my mind. frustrated moody	0
The mall needs to be open 24hrs. I need some late night retail therapy.	The mall needs to be open 24hrs. I need some late night retail therapy.	0
What to do when , angry and anxious Get a cup of YorkshireTea! Ahh much better	What to do when , angry and anxious Get a cup of YorkshireTea! Ahh much better	0
Proper stressful day trying to catch up with work stuff after week off! Not even half done :(	Proper stressful day trying to catch up with work stuff after week off! Not even half done :(	0
Health consists of seven dimensions: physical, social, mental, emotional, spiritual, environmental, and occupational health. Wellness is the degree to which these components of health are in	Health consists of seven dimensions: physical, social, mental, emotional, spiritual, environmental, and occupational health. Wellness is the degree to which these components of health are in	0
Someone come have a glass of wine with me so I don't feel like an alcoholic drinking alone!! needvino	Someone come have a glass of wine with me so I don't feel like an alcoholic drinking alone!! needvino	0
There's just not enough hours in a day So much to do so little time	There's just not enough hours in a day So much to do so little time	0
An hour and a half of my day wasted at work when I have soo much EPQ	An hour and a half of my day wasted at work when I have soo much EPQ	0
I need to go to the gym but I also need to get my life and 1000 random thoughts together. Never enough time!!  mess brainstop needwine Hahaha	I need to go to the gym but I also need to get my life and 1000 random thoughts together. Never enough time!!  mess brainstop needwine Hahaha	0
Music history paper due in the morning and I have to go to a 2 and a half hour rehearsal notcool	Music history paper due in the morning and I have to go to a 2 and a half hour rehearsal notcool	0
Terrible twos have definitely kicked in today, my son has fried my brain need a pint	Terrible twos have definitely kicked in today, my son has fried my brain need a pint	0
Aww..coworkers saved me some  and when I went out to a meeting with boss  theymakethejobbearable stressed paydaydoe 1daytilweekend	Aww..coworkers saved me some  and when I went out to a meeting with boss  theymakethejobbearable stressed paydaydoe 1daytilweekend	0
If anyone knew how much homework I had and how busy I am they would feel very sorry for me	If anyone knew how much homework I had and how busy I am they would feel very sorry for me	0
Horrible day Times like this I just want my dad for advice n a cuddle	Horrible day Times like this I just want my dad for advice n a cuddle	0
wish i could just push a button to instantly get all this work done frustrated	wish i could just push a button to instantly get all this work done frustrated	0
I might be getting sick. I've had a headache all day and now I (might) have a rash on the back of my leg.	I might be getting sick. I've had a headache all day and now I (might) have a rash on the back of my leg.	0
Need to catch up on TWD horribly badand find someplace to move by the 30th	Need to catch up on TWD horribly badand find someplace to move by the 30th	0
This Global Comm paper will be the death of me. It is literally impossible to find any "proper" sources.	This Global Comm paper will be the death of me. It is literally impossible to find any "proper" sources.	0
So freaking annoyed. I want it to be Monday so this horrific weekend will be over with.	So freaking annoyed. I want it to be Monday so this horrific weekend will be over with.	0
I hate it when I have so many important things I have to do but can't cause I'm stuck here at work and I just feel helpless	I hate it when I have so many important things I have to do but can't cause I'm stuck here at work and I just feel helpless	0
In bed by 9.. I don't know if in getting sick or because I'm mentally drained!	In bed by 9.. I don't know if in getting sick or because I'm mentally drained!	0
Literally when one thing gets solved something else pops up and I cant handle this no more. Beyond	Literally when one thing gets solved something else pops up and I cant handle this no more. Beyond	0
Grrr wish i could get to sleep, im hoping watching lots of gossip girl and revenge will make me sleepy	Grrr wish i could get to sleep, im hoping watching lots of gossip girl and revenge will make me sleepy	0
This is it. The morning of the last exam. And by God am I feeling it. I know nothing and have had nearly no sleep.	This is it. The morning of the last exam. And by God am I feeling it. I know nothing and have had nearly no sleep.	0
Lets hope I have as little social contact as possible this week. I wouldn't want anyone killed	Lets hope I have as little social contact as possible this week. I wouldn't want anyone killed	0
Right now I wish I was so fucked up I wasn't capable of telling you what year it is, what state I'm in, or what planet I'm on.	Right now I wish I was so fucked up I wasn't capable of telling you what year it is, what state I'm in, or what planet I'm on.	0
Some days I feel like the ocean and some days I feel like Im drowning in it today Im downing  overwhelmed	Some days I feel like the ocean and some days I feel like Im drowning in it today Im downing  overwhelmed	0
I'm so sick of being poor and going negative. I can never ever catch up.	I'm so sick of being poor and going negative. I can never ever catch up.	0
I might do some grappling or sparring today. I have access stress I need to vent out.	I might do some grappling or sparring today. I have access stress I need to vent out.	0
What my life consisted of this weekend: my mom yelling at me about applying to colleges and me doing very little about it.	What my life consisted of this weekend: my mom yelling at me about applying to colleges and me doing very little about it.	0
I know if i dont pick up my grades i can literally say bye bye to my dream college! :'(	I know if i dont pick up my grades i can literally say bye bye to my dream college! :'(	0
Due to travel on 14th July, when will we find out if our holiday is going ahead? Don't want to be rushing at 'last minute'. shouldipackornot?	Due to travel on 14th July, when will we find out if our holiday is going ahead? Don't want to be rushing at 'last minute'. shouldipackornot?	0
Just realized I haven't tweeted in a while but it's not because my life is boring this time. Nope, I'm too busy trying to keep up!	Just realized I haven't tweeted in a while but it's not because my life is boring this time. Nope, I'm too busy trying to keep up!	0
Theses days all I want to do is lay in bed and hide from the world. tired needmetime	Theses days all I want to do is lay in bed and hide from the world. tired needmetime	0
LMFAOOO " : Mfers Be Like You Nat Wit Silvia ? Im LIKE WTF I Got a WHOLE Girlfriend .. Wit Mfers These Days	LMFAOOO " : Mfers Be Like You Nat Wit Silvia ? Im LIKE WTF I Got a WHOLE Girlfriend .. Wit Mfers These Days	0
Can my life go on pause for like 3 months and then we go back to this? tired	Can my life go on pause for like 3 months and then we go back to this? tired	0
The piano always gets my stress out instead of taking it out on people I just frickin light up the piano. You should try this.	The piano always gets my stress out instead of taking it out on people I just frickin light up the piano. You should try this.	0
Kept bursting into tears today, not sure why. Thankfully my co-working didnt notice awkward mondayitis	Kept bursting into tears today, not sure why. Thankfully my co-working didnt notice awkward mondayitis	0
I am so stressed. And tired. And exhausted. And stressed. And I don't know how much longer I can last.	I am so stressed. And tired. And exhausted. And stressed. And I don't know how much longer I can last.	0
how long does it take to send replacement member card? Need it ASAP for 29/3/15 testimonial match!	how long does it take to send replacement member card? Need it ASAP for 29/3/15 testimonial match!	0
It goes in one eye and out the other, im never going to know all of this by Friday Morning! help	It goes in one eye and out the other, im never going to know all of this by Friday Morning! help	0
Never again will I do nvq training, I left school 9 years ago I hated written work then and I still do now	Never again will I do nvq training, I left school 9 years ago I hated written work then and I still do now	0
NASH fashion show is in like 2 months and I'm not even half way done with my dress yet	NASH fashion show is in like 2 months and I'm not even half way done with my dress yet	0
Being organized is key to being less frazzled at work and home to minimize stress. What do you do to stay organized, less ?	Being organized is key to being less frazzled at work and home to minimize stress. What do you do to stay organized, less ?	0
It just took me an hour in a half to complete two job applications online. I can't stand those long ass job apps they have online!	It just took me an hour in a half to complete two job applications online. I can't stand those long ass job apps they have online!	0
that's great, gonna try and set a bit of a charity link too, spent all night doing the just giving form nightmare stressed ;)	that's great, gonna try and set a bit of a charity link too, spent all night doing the just giving form nightmare stressed ;)	0
I wish I owned my own gym so I can go whenever the fuck I want	I wish I owned my own gym so I can go whenever the fuck I want	0
FACT: you always type faster when your angry!! Could write a whole book in one minute Thats how angry i am!	FACT: you always type faster when your angry!! Could write a whole book in one minute Thats how angry i am!	0
You may find me huddled in a corner clutching a bag of dark chocolate M&M's in one hand and an espresso in the other	You may find me huddled in a corner clutching a bag of dark chocolate M&M's in one hand and an espresso in the other	0
I never would've thought I'd be saying this in a million years, but this week needs to slow the hell down.	I never would've thought I'd be saying this in a million years, but this week needs to slow the hell down.	0
When you're feeling a little overwhelmed, anxious, , take some time out for yourself. Get a little	When you're feeling a little overwhelmed, anxious, , take some time out for yourself. Get a little	0
The fact that my computer screen is busted and has all of my school work on it is making everything really complicated.	The fact that my computer screen is busted and has all of my school work on it is making everything really complicated.	0
I asked my neighbors on facebook things to do in this town? Answer was not good. I tell people Im trying to eat healthy hard	I asked my neighbors on facebook things to do in this town? Answer was not good. I tell people Im trying to eat healthy hard	0
I hate people who deny the most obvious things like grow a pair and admit it	I hate people who deny the most obvious things like grow a pair and admit it	0
Cant sleepat allall i can think about is what i need to say to you :/ supertired	Cant sleepat allall i can think about is what i need to say to you :/ supertired	0
Writing my essays. 2 typed lines = 6 written lines. Omfg this is a complete mess	Writing my essays. 2 typed lines = 6 written lines. Omfg this is a complete mess	0
My boyfriend clearly does not know how to drive in traffic/in a city/during freezing rain/with wiper blades on/when its dark out	My boyfriend clearly does not know how to drive in traffic/in a city/during freezing rain/with wiper blades on/when its dark out	0
almost 100% positive that i will feel at least 10 pounds lighter after i'm done with school next week.	almost 100% positive that i will feel at least 10 pounds lighter after i'm done with school next week.	0
I have all my exam reviews done but history!! And its due tomorrow and have no book and my notes arent helping! I give up night!!	I have all my exam reviews done but history!! And its due tomorrow and have no book and my notes arent helping! I give up night!!	0
when in your dreams, you're already crying then you wake up crying too  nightmare!!!!!   feeling pained	when in your dreams, you're already crying then you wake up crying too  nightmare!!!!!   feeling pained	0
Was hoping to go to bed early tonight But that's not lookin like that's gonna happen now tired annoyed atheteprobs	Was hoping to go to bed early tonight But that's not lookin like that's gonna happen now tired annoyed atheteprobs	0
Working on a 5 page paper! Got 4 of the 5 pages down but now I'm stuck!	Working on a 5 page paper! Got 4 of the 5 pages down but now I'm stuck!	0
ugh..still awake and have to be up in a few hours, so much running through my head right now it's insane	ugh..still awake and have to be up in a few hours, so much running through my head right now it's insane	0
College professors should really talk to one another before they each assign papers and schedule test all at the same time!	College professors should really talk to one another before they each assign papers and schedule test all at the same time!	0
Went home with a bad case of senioritis. Sorry Mr. Callies, I guess I owe you a philosophy paper sick	Went home with a bad case of senioritis. Sorry Mr. Callies, I guess I owe you a philosophy paper sick	0
Don't you just hate them nights , when you have so much on ya mind you can't sleep , jarring as fuk !! BrainOverload	Don't you just hate them nights , when you have so much on ya mind you can't sleep , jarring as fuk !! BrainOverload	0
Writing tomorrow i cant wait to get this paper behind my back then im definitely having me time! tired	Writing tomorrow i cant wait to get this paper behind my back then im definitely having me time! tired	0
The suns up.. And im wide awake.. Havent slept yet.. The fuck goes on shot	The suns up.. And im wide awake.. Havent slept yet.. The fuck goes on shot	0
Feelling sooo uneasy. I hate it. I hate not knowing. It is killing me from the inside-out. :(	Feelling sooo uneasy. I hate it. I hate not knowing. It is killing me from the inside-out. :(	0
When I'm actually in Sydney I will be so bloody relieved! I'm going crazy with all the passport,bank,name changing madness!	When I'm actually in Sydney I will be so bloody relieved! I'm going crazy with all the passport,bank,name changing madness!	0
Horrible couple of days. Uncle is in ICU, he's just coming round thank god. does not even come close to explaining emotions	Horrible couple of days. Uncle is in ICU, he's just coming round thank god. does not even come close to explaining emotions	0
I've always said I didn't understand why seniors drop out half way through senior yearnow I know why.	I've always said I didn't understand why seniors drop out half way through senior yearnow I know why.	0
That much closer to the big day! I need my optomistic game face on now! bridetobe	That much closer to the big day! I need my optomistic game face on now! bridetobe	0
Sooo ill thinkin wot my new venturEs guna be 1 things a certain me can't solidier it out much longer at this 1	Sooo ill thinkin wot my new venturEs guna be 1 things a certain me can't solidier it out much longer at this 1	0
It's been the roughest 2 days of my college career so far..glad that shit is over with. I need to chill out	It's been the roughest 2 days of my college career so far..glad that shit is over with. I need to chill out	0
bout to fail apush foreal how am i supposed to do this test tomorrow and memorize all the words since the beginning of the year	bout to fail apush foreal how am i supposed to do this test tomorrow and memorize all the words since the beginning of the year	0
I usually tweet that I broke my brain but this I time I really think I broke my brain	I usually tweet that I broke my brain but this I time I really think I broke my brain	0
I don't know whats worse taking the dogs out with mum or taking them out with dad	I don't know whats worse taking the dogs out with mum or taking them out with dad	0
laughter rx- Am I the only person who gets out about getting to yoga on time?|My teacher hates if U come late	laughter rx- Am I the only person who gets out about getting to yoga on time?|My teacher hates if U come late	0
Ah! @ the stadium sa RUGBY" : " : This is not normal at all, I should see a doc. "Dintshang boss where u at?	Ah! @ the stadium sa RUGBY" : " : This is not normal at all, I should see a doc. "Dintshang boss where u at?	0
venti white chocolate mocha, the only ting keeping me awake and trying to study finals killingmesmalls exhausted	venti white chocolate mocha, the only ting keeping me awake and trying to study finals killingmesmalls exhausted	0
I wish someone could just tell me how everything is going to work out and what choices to make.	I wish someone could just tell me how everything is going to work out and what choices to make.	0
And it is stressing me out like crazy! So I am very sorry guys there will be new vids ASAP!	And it is stressing me out like crazy! So I am very sorry guys there will be new vids ASAP!	0
Feeling / anxious / alone or motivated to move forward? Get guidance and support with my coaching, retreat and study work.	Feeling / anxious / alone or motivated to move forward? Get guidance and support with my coaching, retreat and study work.	0
I'm gonna be fucked tomorrow up in 3 hours can't sleep at all !!!!! angry	I'm gonna be fucked tomorrow up in 3 hours can't sleep at all !!!!! angry	0
If I don't do well on the real estate law exam, everybody better stay out it my way	If I don't do well on the real estate law exam, everybody better stay out it my way	0
I still dont understand 's decision to not release the december past paper for March students to use ACCA P7	I still dont understand 's decision to not release the december past paper for March students to use ACCA P7	0
I haven't even been up for 2 hours and I already need a glass of wine	I haven't even been up for 2 hours and I already need a glass of wine	0
Always something to piss me off..today its the car. usually is tbf !!! So the wine has won over the run	Always something to piss me off..today its the car. usually is tbf !!! So the wine has won over the run	0
I seriously have so much to do this week. Not enough hours in a day	I seriously have so much to do this week. Not enough hours in a day	0
I'm so tired of people expect me to do everything for them when I can't do anything for myself	I'm so tired of people expect me to do everything for them when I can't do anything for myself	0
Sick of school and everything else just tired of it all frustrated tired inragemode Whenwillitend	Sick of school and everything else just tired of it all frustrated tired inragemode Whenwillitend	0
Why aren't things ever simple?! Everything is always so complicated and stressful!! Just need a break.	Why aren't things ever simple?! Everything is always so complicated and stressful!! Just need a break.	0
Working is something you have to prepare for. If you mind ain't write you vulnerable to quit everyday.	Working is something you have to prepare for. If you mind ain't write you vulnerable to quit everyday.	0
I grind my teeth and clench my jaw so much that I give myself migraines.	I grind my teeth and clench my jaw so much that I give myself migraines.	0
English and SOR presentation tomorrow. :/ 2 weeks left then I'm on break. Pls hurry. offtobed goodnightworld tired	English and SOR presentation tomorrow. :/ 2 weeks left then I'm on break. Pls hurry. offtobed goodnightworld tired	0
CPR class Thursday and an American Data Bank fee due Being a nursing student is expensive goingbroke	CPR class Thursday and an American Data Bank fee due Being a nursing student is expensive goingbroke	0
Only 8.50am and already feel as though I need a drink. This job sucks at the minute.	Only 8.50am and already feel as though I need a drink. This job sucks at the minute.	0
So no streaming today guys, I am really not in the mood and I have a ton of homework. Sorry maybe tomorrow not sure. Have a goodnight everyone and always game on	So no streaming today guys, I am really not in the mood and I have a ton of homework. Sorry maybe tomorrow not sure. Have a goodnight everyone and always game on	0
House hunting is the worst! Those who are living at home, make th most of it there!!!	House hunting is the worst! Those who are living at home, make th most of it there!!!	0
I'm sorry in advance to anyone who has to interact with me for the next 4 weeks.	I'm sorry in advance to anyone who has to interact with me for the next 4 weeks.	0
All I want is for ONE normal/easy going day. But I doubt I will be getting that anytime soon.	All I want is for ONE normal/easy going day. But I doubt I will be getting that anytime soon.	0
Eleven turnovers in the 1st halfELEVEN !!! Jamies hair might be completely grey coming out of the locker room	Eleven turnovers in the 1st halfELEVEN !!! Jamies hair might be completely grey coming out of the locker room	0
Class presentations are the worst. No one cares what you have to say and you don't care what they have to say, so why even do them?	Class presentations are the worst. No one cares what you have to say and you don't care what they have to say, so why even do them?	0
I just want this stressful long week to be over with. Hurry up Friday!! ReadyForWeekend	I just want this stressful long week to be over with. Hurry up Friday!! ReadyForWeekend	0
Today was horrible and to top it off I did terrible at the track meet	Today was horrible and to top it off I did terrible at the track meet	0
Omg I really don't want be driver! I'm panicking! I'm gonna end up killing myself and others :'(	Omg I really don't want be driver! I'm panicking! I'm gonna end up killing myself and others :'(	0
I read the comments on the internet before 7am on a Saturday. I need to go and lie in a dark room with whale music for an hour now	I read the comments on the internet before 7am on a Saturday. I need to go and lie in a dark room with whale music for an hour now	0
July2020 Goals -1000 Twitter Followers -150 Facebook Page Likes - Publish at least 1 post a week - Start Earning $ from affiliate programs - Don't give up What are your goals? mentalhealth WednesdayMotivation	July2020 Goals -1000 Twitter Followers -150 Facebook Page Likes - Publish at least 1 post a week - Start Earning $ from affiliate programs - Don't give up What are your goals? mentalhealth WednesdayMotivation	0
I don't get how people can just understand chemistry. It seriously seems like a different language.	I don't get how people can just understand chemistry. It seriously seems like a different language.	0
It sucks when you have to rely on other people to get their job done just so you can get your job done. sickofmanufacturing	It sucks when you have to rely on other people to get their job done just so you can get your job done. sickofmanufacturing	0
well, my headache from last night returned in the past 2 minutes. now I just want to cut my brain out.	well, my headache from last night returned in the past 2 minutes. now I just want to cut my brain out.	0
Blackboard being a punk when my assignment is due tonight and I still have to work on my lab report yo.	Blackboard being a punk when my assignment is due tonight and I still have to work on my lab report yo.	0
I know I'll be exhausted from no sleep tonight but I can't wait to hit the gym.. sweat out some steam	I know I'll be exhausted from no sleep tonight but I can't wait to hit the gym.. sweat out some steam	0
Questioning my decision to start my uni revision and coursework so late in the holiday badmove	Questioning my decision to start my uni revision and coursework so late in the holiday badmove	0
You know I'm busy when I haven't been able to watch my shows for the past 2 weeks sadlife	You know I'm busy when I haven't been able to watch my shows for the past 2 weeks sadlife	0
But seriously how am I suppose to get a clear bag by the 15?	But seriously how am I suppose to get a clear bag by the 15?	0
El camino gave me my transcripts in an ill format. It looks copy and pasted and my school won't take them. No love for Compton	El camino gave me my transcripts in an ill format. It looks copy and pasted and my school won't take them. No love for Compton	0
I need to know someone who is a car person so they can help me figure out what is wrong with my car	I need to know someone who is a car person so they can help me figure out what is wrong with my car	0
i have so much work to do that I've been avoiding that now it has piled up to scary death amounts and I'm stressed and	i have so much work to do that I've been avoiding that now it has piled up to scary death amounts and I'm stressed and	0
I cannot wait for this week to be over and for a break from school.	I cannot wait for this week to be over and for a break from school.	0
Omg Im sooooo TIRED! ..and yet I have a final due by Christmas Eve and I have to work all the way until then plus a party.. Oh my!	Omg Im sooooo TIRED! ..and yet I have a final due by Christmas Eve and I have to work all the way until then plus a party.. Oh my!	0
Don't want to go n here n clock n but somebody got to do it2Blessed 2Be Stressed	Don't want to go n here n clock n but somebody got to do it2Blessed 2Be Stressed	0
Im upset that Im having so much trouble trying to take my final with Proctor U	Im upset that Im having so much trouble trying to take my final with Proctor U	0
Why do i continuously try to trust people again after they continuously fuck me over.	Why do i continuously try to trust people again after they continuously fuck me over.	0
Soooooo. Rent is due on the 1st and I can't find my book of checks anywhere! Where would I have hidden them?!	Soooooo. Rent is due on the 1st and I can't find my book of checks anywhere! Where would I have hidden them?!	0
Picked all of my fingernail polish off while watching that game. stressed I'm turning into	Picked all of my fingernail polish off while watching that game. stressed I'm turning into	0
So much to do before I go home for a couple days! I hate midterm week!!!	So much to do before I go home for a couple days! I hate midterm week!!!	0
Fed up with your glorified word. Word that manifest within me. It's starting to become a knife. That stab me and bleed me to death. I hope that I will survive. With the knife disguised as a word. I wish I could survive, I truly	Fed up with your glorified word. Word that manifest within me. It's starting to become a knife. That stab me and bleed me to death. I hope that I will survive. With the knife disguised as a word. I wish I could survive, I truly	0
Seems Twitter is a place for out people to shout into the vacuum of space. Scroll down and have a look at my art. Will calm you down	Seems Twitter is a place for out people to shout into the vacuum of space. Scroll down and have a look at my art. Will calm you down	0
You know for a stress management class it sure is very stressful and annoying if I might add	You know for a stress management class it sure is very stressful and annoying if I might add	0
I'm too young to die of a heart attackbut this game is driving me to that point	I'm too young to die of a heart attackbut this game is driving me to that point	0
Can't wait to see for NYE but regretting sitting next to the crying screaming baby on the train!	Can't wait to see for NYE but regretting sitting next to the crying screaming baby on the train!	0
Hate being at school I have so much down time I just sit and think about stuff	Hate being at school I have so much down time I just sit and think about stuff	0
Dance final today and im so stressed Dx good thing ill never see any of you again xD graduating	Dance final today and im so stressed Dx good thing ill never see any of you again xD graduating	0
I've left this essay on Self-Defence far too long, it's due next Friday and I haven't even started it!	I've left this essay on Self-Defence far too long, it's due next Friday and I haven't even started it!	0
I am in serious need of a massage. Is it possible to get an 8 hour massage? I want to go to that place heaven	I am in serious need of a massage. Is it possible to get an 8 hour massage? I want to go to that place heaven	0
The hardest part about teaching in person right now is feeling like the biggest burden if there is anything wrong with your body that you cant control and therefore need a sub.. just all of it sucks.	The hardest part about teaching in person right now is feeling like the biggest burden if there is anything wrong with your body that you cant control and therefore need a sub.. just all of it sucks.	0
Hard to let go cause I feel there's a bit of hope, but that hope fails me every time"	Hard to let go cause I feel there's a bit of hope, but that hope fails me every time"	0
I just want a car that I don't have to worry about it breaking down  it could be the ugliest car ever, just as long as it runnnss	I just want a car that I don't have to worry about it breaking down  it could be the ugliest car ever, just as long as it runnnss	0
You can't have growth without change but why does change have to be so overwhelming!	You can't have growth without change but why does change have to be so overwhelming!	0
Had a week off work and I haven't chilled at all, been so busy everyday and it's making me quite an angry person	Had a week off work and I haven't chilled at all, been so busy everyday and it's making me quite an angry person	0
At times like this, I just want to kick a line of footballs into an empty net	At times like this, I just want to kick a line of footballs into an empty net	0
It's hard not to get jealous for things you never really wanted in the first place.	It's hard not to get jealous for things you never really wanted in the first place.	0
Trying to sleep but I'm unable to. For some reason I'm thinking about the bookings I have to action tomorrow	Trying to sleep but I'm unable to. For some reason I'm thinking about the bookings I have to action tomorrow	0
I hate summer school. Only bc it's so much work compacted down into such a short time period. I know I will be glad when it's all over, but rn, I hate it!	I hate summer school. Only bc it's so much work compacted down into such a short time period. I know I will be glad when it's all over, but rn, I hate it!	0
The fact that I won't know if I failed till Monday is killing me.	The fact that I won't know if I failed till Monday is killing me.	0
If you don't have at least one mental breakdown during finals week, is it really finals week?	If you don't have at least one mental breakdown during finals week, is it really finals week?	0
Man that EOCT was hard asf! out and my legs soar from track barely can walk..	Man that EOCT was hard asf! out and my legs soar from track barely can walk..	0
I'm getting pretty tired of these 16 hour work&school days. I just want/need a break. Not like a week, like months	I'm getting pretty tired of these 16 hour work&school days. I just want/need a break. Not like a week, like months	0
Knots in my stomach are weighing me down today wish I could just go back to sleep  tired	Knots in my stomach are weighing me down today wish I could just go back to sleep  tired	0
Ughhh I'm getting way too stressed out about these finalsprobably because I literally failed the last two tests I took	Ughhh I'm getting way too stressed out about these finalsprobably because I literally failed the last two tests I took	0
Really wish for once things would go right, instead of harder and harder! somedayssuck geteasieroneday tired and	Really wish for once things would go right, instead of harder and harder! somedayssuck geteasieroneday tired and	0
i don't have a curfew and i come home before the time i say and I get yelled at saying that I was late. thanks parents	i don't have a curfew and i come home before the time i say and I get yelled at saying that I was late. thanks parents	0
Im tired of adulting can I just take a break from life/responsibilities and just catch my breath. Stating to get hard to breathe.	Im tired of adulting can I just take a break from life/responsibilities and just catch my breath. Stating to get hard to breathe.	0
Why are there always thing that go wrong wen life is perfect!! Bad things do one!! upsetlonelyangrysmokingnot eating!!! Urrgg	Why are there always thing that go wrong wen life is perfect!! Bad things do one!! upsetlonelyangrysmokingnot eating!!! Urrgg	0
If my biology exam was tomorrow and i had all today to revise that would make me a bit happier	If my biology exam was tomorrow and i had all today to revise that would make me a bit happier	0
I seriously have not had this much homework all year? Common I got enough stress with graduation stuff.. tired	I seriously have not had this much homework all year? Common I got enough stress with graduation stuff.. tired	0
Whyyy are they not taking out my rent yet! Is my money not good enough for them or something??	Whyyy are they not taking out my rent yet! Is my money not good enough for them or something??	0
It's Monday, I've had zero sleep, I feel like crap and im in a bad mood	It's Monday, I've had zero sleep, I feel like crap and im in a bad mood	0
Omigosh!!!! What an evening. Came home to a crying baby, and had to give him his meds. After 1 hr he settled down to go outside. I need this to go away fast.	Omigosh!!!! What an evening. Came home to a crying baby, and had to give him his meds. After 1 hr he settled down to go outside. I need this to go away fast.	0
Not being able to fall asleep is the worst feeling in the world. CantStopThinking BrainWontShutOff	Not being able to fall asleep is the worst feeling in the world. CantStopThinking BrainWontShutOff	0
This weekend has only consisted of studying studying and more freaken studying :'(:'(:'( icantwaitforholidays exams	This weekend has only consisted of studying studying and more freaken studying :'(:'(:'( icantwaitforholidays exams	0
Ugh i just found out i have a 6 page paper due 2morro. terrible tired	Ugh i just found out i have a 6 page paper due 2morro. terrible tired	0
So Im not allowed to be upset because then you turn around and get more mad than me!!!!! Shyt! jokes life	So Im not allowed to be upset because then you turn around and get more mad than me!!!!! Shyt! jokes life	0
I go on vacation on Wednesday. It's totally cool start drinking in the morning during said vacation right?	I go on vacation on Wednesday. It's totally cool start drinking in the morning during said vacation right?	0
I'm exhausted, have a big summative in english tomorrow, need to do laundry, have swim practice. and am on my last nerve.	I'm exhausted, have a big summative in english tomorrow, need to do laundry, have swim practice. and am on my last nerve.	0
Today has seriously just been chaos. My cousin had a seizure and my gma had "heart attack symptoms" on her BIRTHDAY.	Today has seriously just been chaos. My cousin had a seizure and my gma had "heart attack symptoms" on her BIRTHDAY.	0
You know it's going to be a bad monday when you can't access your uni account to do your assignment	You know it's going to be a bad monday when you can't access your uni account to do your assignment	0
Right when I got home I took a nap. Finally woke up and I'm still tired	Right when I got home I took a nap. Finally woke up and I'm still tired	0
Sick of getting those "Single Muslim Women in your area" ads, on PornHub/Gay, I'm not interested, sorry.	Sick of getting those "Single Muslim Women in your area" ads, on PornHub/Gay, I'm not interested, sorry.	0
Oh shiit.. Im really really not feeling well at all :'( sorethroat crackedvoice tired Its an early night for this girl.	Oh shiit.. Im really really not feeling well at all :'( sorethroat crackedvoice tired Its an early night for this girl.	0
My iPhone 5s has broken YET AGAIN! annoyed unhappy Apple Sick of this iPhone, its truly the worst one they've made.	My iPhone 5s has broken YET AGAIN! annoyed unhappy Apple Sick of this iPhone, its truly the worst one they've made.	0
dang so I didnt know ppl actually looked at my tweets so maybe I should step up my game lowkey now kinda feel pressured to be funny and now Im	dang so I didnt know ppl actually looked at my tweets so maybe I should step up my game lowkey now kinda feel pressured to be funny and now Im	0
That feeling that if you start crying, you don't know if you'll ever stop. ItSucks	That feeling that if you start crying, you don't know if you'll ever stop. ItSucks	0
Man, I Feel Really Tired. I Have To Take Care Of Those 2 Slackers All Day -_- You Guys Are Lucky	Man, I Feel Really Tired. I Have To Take Care Of Those 2 Slackers All Day -_- You Guys Are Lucky	0
Had to leave the floor before I shouted at someone! Today is not a good day!	Had to leave the floor before I shouted at someone! Today is not a good day!	0
Running out of orange squash is quite possibly the worst thing to have ever happened to me	Running out of orange squash is quite possibly the worst thing to have ever happened to me	0
I hate when someone's mad at me and I don know what I did? Ugh Sad TellMeWhatIDid	I hate when someone's mad at me and I don know what I did? Ugh Sad TellMeWhatIDid	0
I have less than a month to decide what I'm going to wear to Believe Tour..	I have less than a month to decide what I'm going to wear to Believe Tour..	0
The amount of college supplements I've edited over the past few days and my own still isn't done stressed <;<;<;<;<;<;<;<;	The amount of college supplements I've edited over the past few days and my own still isn't done stressed <;<;<;<;<;<;<;<;	0
Planning my Europe trip is proving to be so hard!!! So much to see in so little time and money! ACK!	Planning my Europe trip is proving to be so hard!!! So much to see in so little time and money! ACK!	0
When your client won't eat her sandwich but will quite happily down a weetabix on the go as soon as you put it in front of her	When your client won't eat her sandwich but will quite happily down a weetabix on the go as soon as you put it in front of her	0
Just fucked up massively and now have to sit until tonight to see how bad of damage I actually did. FML	Just fucked up massively and now have to sit until tonight to see how bad of damage I actually did. FML	0
What happened to me? Why do I feel so incredibly sick? I have one week of classes left this isn't fair	What happened to me? Why do I feel so incredibly sick? I have one week of classes left this isn't fair	0
If the system crashes tonight for course registration, I will have a mental breakdown.  and	If the system crashes tonight for course registration, I will have a mental breakdown.  and	0
I wish I could just shut myself out from the world for a few days	I wish I could just shut myself out from the world for a few days	0
Ugh I can't go to sleep, and I've got school in the mornning:'( why tired	Ugh I can't go to sleep, and I've got school in the mornning:'( why tired	0
For a couple of hours we can run this town till it runs dry favoritesong	For a couple of hours we can run this town till it runs dry favoritesong	0
If your name isn't Rita, it'd be smart to leave me alone till at least Sunday	If your name isn't Rita, it'd be smart to leave me alone till at least Sunday	0
UGH SCHOOL AND FINALS. IM why does rede have to be a such thing as school that is this dreadful?	UGH SCHOOL AND FINALS. IM why does rede have to be a such thing as school that is this dreadful?	0
Why rain had to fall so early this morning. .. im hella late , maxi moving slow as france	Why rain had to fall so early this morning. .. im hella late , maxi moving slow as france	0
My mind goes crazy at night with wedding thoughts. I feel like there is so much to so still.	My mind goes crazy at night with wedding thoughts. I feel like there is so much to so still.	0
the only thing getting me through today is that i will be able to relax and watch the hans game tonight tired sick	the only thing getting me through today is that i will be able to relax and watch the hans game tonight tired sick	0
What long day it has been, I think this girl needs a drink to relax a bit	What long day it has been, I think this girl needs a drink to relax a bit	0
Crazy vertigo (like, cant drive or read) on occasion and tracking it, I think it may be stressed induced. Anyone else have these symptoms? SickNotWeak bipolar anxiety depression KeepTalkingMH	Crazy vertigo (like, cant drive or read) on occasion and tracking it, I think it may be stressed induced. Anyone else have these symptoms? SickNotWeak bipolar anxiety depression KeepTalkingMH	0
Oh boy I rearranged the furniture in my room (thank god) and then started reorganizing everything else and my room now lives in that terrible place where it's a huge explosion disaster until you figure it out I'm	Oh boy I rearranged the furniture in my room (thank god) and then started reorganizing everything else and my room now lives in that terrible place where it's a huge explosion disaster until you figure it out I'm	0
So my hard drive erases all my work and my photos won't print, all with my exhibition being put up this weekend.	So my hard drive erases all my work and my photos won't print, all with my exhibition being put up this weekend.	0
Registration for mun is in a few days and i still have no idea what i want to do with my life :(	Registration for mun is in a few days and i still have no idea what i want to do with my life :(	0
Could do with 4 large bottles of wine . Half a wage for 2 months work and some silly twat trying to wind me up.	Could do with 4 large bottles of wine . Half a wage for 2 months work and some silly twat trying to wind me up.	0
You know it's been a bad night when you don't even accept the peanut butter dove chocolate your mom offers you.	You know it's been a bad night when you don't even accept the peanut butter dove chocolate your mom offers you.	0
I have tonsillitis! Ill bring you in some coffee tommorrow were going to need it	I have tonsillitis! Ill bring you in some coffee tommorrow were going to need it	0
Thank you US Airways for having me wait in a 1.5 hour line for absolutely no reason that caused me to miss my flight and connection	Thank you US Airways for having me wait in a 1.5 hour line for absolutely no reason that caused me to miss my flight and connection	0
out studying hard 4 exam tonight I should of started studying sooner I dont know any of this material My fault but I cant fail	out studying hard 4 exam tonight I should of started studying sooner I dont know any of this material My fault but I cant fail	0
Computer crashes and loses over an hours worth of work I'll never get this finished	Computer crashes and loses over an hours worth of work I'll never get this finished	0
Why do some people think they have the right to talk down to you?! Just because ur aiming for the stars. angry pissedoff .	Why do some people think they have the right to talk down to you?! Just because ur aiming for the stars. angry pissedoff .	0
what the heck is taking financial aid so long to be completed - bill due friday	what the heck is taking financial aid so long to be completed - bill due friday	0
Fuck my group seriously.you are not a leader i am and will take credit for it. Im the only one doing work	Fuck my group seriously.you are not a leader i am and will take credit for it. Im the only one doing work	0
I made color coded post-its for my to do lists and the pink ones say breathe, just in case I forget fuckfinals mentalbreakdown	I made color coded post-its for my to do lists and the pink ones say breathe, just in case I forget fuckfinals mentalbreakdown	0
Why in the world did I agree to taking the AP test for Psychology !! I'm literally going to fail :( thissucks	Why in the world did I agree to taking the AP test for Psychology !! I'm literally going to fail :( thissucks	0
To attempt to do my homework or accept the fact that I wouldn't get it done anyways and just go to bed?	To attempt to do my homework or accept the fact that I wouldn't get it done anyways and just go to bed?	0
2 weeks 2 days till I finish for Christmas. Couldn't come quick enough. Need to relax! tired	2 weeks 2 days till I finish for Christmas. Couldn't come quick enough. Need to relax! tired	0
Ughh someone text me . I'm so bored an tired AF ! 5 hours til I'm free .. work ughh sucks	Ughh someone text me . I'm so bored an tired AF ! 5 hours til I'm free .. work ughh sucks	0
15kg of luggage allowance is not ideal for someone who over packs as much as me	15kg of luggage allowance is not ideal for someone who over packs as much as me	0
The unknown is killing me I'm just praying we make it through the night!  worried	The unknown is killing me I'm just praying we make it through the night!  worried	0
If I had a blunt for each problem I have Ill be higher than the empire state	If I had a blunt for each problem I have Ill be higher than the empire state	0
Fucking hate packing. 7 vests and 8 t-shirts and I can't leave any behind! Taking more shoes than a woman aswel	Fucking hate packing. 7 vests and 8 t-shirts and I can't leave any behind! Taking more shoes than a woman aswel	0
I wish everyone was just straight forward all the time, sick of wondering what's next and losing sleep.	I wish everyone was just straight forward all the time, sick of wondering what's next and losing sleep.	0
This time in 10 days, I'll be running around like a blue arsed fly sorting out for my party!	This time in 10 days, I'll be running around like a blue arsed fly sorting out for my party!	0
I'm so worried I made a tit out of myself and made a bad impression. anxious	I'm so worried I made a tit out of myself and made a bad impression. anxious	0
There isn't enough hours in my day! Too much to do in limited time! promotiontime	There isn't enough hours in my day! Too much to do in limited time! promotiontime	0
Charrette due tomorrow and I just don't want to do anymore of it. So much to due not enough time to do it.	Charrette due tomorrow and I just don't want to do anymore of it. So much to due not enough time to do it.	0
Christ, today has been a total headshrinker so far. Lost count of how many things about dad's move that have been problematic.	Christ, today has been a total headshrinker so far. Lost count of how many things about dad's move that have been problematic.	0
Screw it. I'm going to be honest, I'm confused with what is going on. wtf	Screw it. I'm going to be honest, I'm confused with what is going on. wtf	0
Ive called on a number of occasions today, been told every time that the wait times are high, but to be on the phone for at least 17 minutes waiting every time I try to call is shameful! Theres no wonder why people just give up when trying to claim fedup	Ive called on a number of occasions today, been told every time that the wait times are high, but to be on the phone for at least 17 minutes waiting every time I try to call is shameful! Theres no wonder why people just give up when trying to claim fedup	0
Too hard to revise when ur mum + dad downstairs are talking over the loud tv and your brother is screaming We Built This City song	Too hard to revise when ur mum + dad downstairs are talking over the loud tv and your brother is screaming We Built This City song	0
I swear sometimes I feel like I have the weight of the world on my shoulders, o wait its not sometimes its everyday	I swear sometimes I feel like I have the weight of the world on my shoulders, o wait its not sometimes its everyday	0
These kids are bad as hell! I'm gonna have to pop open one of these straw-ber-ritas when I leave! Smh	These kids are bad as hell! I'm gonna have to pop open one of these straw-ber-ritas when I leave! Smh	0
Pretty sure smelling like icyhot is a man repellent, however, my neck appreciates the feeling.	Pretty sure smelling like icyhot is a man repellent, however, my neck appreciates the feeling.	0
it's already time to register for spring classes like woah slow the fuck down. I can barely pass these classes  fuckschool	it's already time to register for spring classes like woah slow the fuck down. I can barely pass these classes  fuckschool	0
WellnessWednesday:,We push so hard we tend 2 gloss over our health. Listen 2 ur body, it could save your life. medical	WellnessWednesday:,We push so hard we tend 2 gloss over our health. Listen 2 ur body, it could save your life. medical	0
Why does life have to be so complicated sometimes? Like why can't it be easy for a change?!	Why does life have to be so complicated sometimes? Like why can't it be easy for a change?!	0
FFS. All I want to do is to get my stuff shipped over here from the UK why is everything ridiculously difficult.	FFS. All I want to do is to get my stuff shipped over here from the UK why is everything ridiculously difficult.	0
I seriously can't deal with life today. Can I put up some sort of away message to let people know I'm taking the day off?	I seriously can't deal with life today. Can I put up some sort of away message to let people know I'm taking the day off?	0
Something I've taken to doing lately is watching BobRoss on YouTube. Anyone that is or feeling anxious. I recommend you do the same. 27 minutes out of your day, and I think you'll find things a little easier afterward. Just one man's two cents.	Something I've taken to doing lately is watching BobRoss on YouTube. Anyone that is or feeling anxious. I recommend you do the same. 27 minutes out of your day, and I think you'll find things a little easier afterward. Just one man's two cents.	0
I am always busy. So don't get BH when I don't want to hang out.  annoyed	I am always busy. So don't get BH when I don't want to hang out.  annoyed	0
stressed is an understatement. Just want it all sorted so I can chill. Feel an outrageous out burst bout to break.	stressed is an understatement. Just want it all sorted so I can chill. Feel an outrageous out burst bout to break.	0
Didn't think my life would change in a blink of an eye but only God knows why this is happening	Didn't think my life would change in a blink of an eye but only God knows why this is happening	0
End of my first day of senior year and I already feel behind and overwhelmed.  ClassOf2016	End of my first day of senior year and I already feel behind and overwhelmed.  ClassOf2016	0
Been dealing with 2 hospitals, 2 specialists, and a surgeon. Doing whatever I can to save my dad's life.	Been dealing with 2 hospitals, 2 specialists, and a surgeon. Doing whatever I can to save my dad's life.	0
Shopping for Jordan his mum and his sisters birthday is so stressful why are they all a day after each other	Shopping for Jordan his mum and his sisters birthday is so stressful why are they all a day after each other	0
I just want my life to be easy and carefree. Why is that so impossible for me?	I just want my life to be easy and carefree. Why is that so impossible for me?	0
It's official. I hate packing! Wish I could just click my fingers and my whole house would be packed up  movinghome packing	It's official. I hate packing! Wish I could just click my fingers and my whole house would be packed up  movinghome packing	0
My lack of motivation for the amount of work I have to do this week is killing me	My lack of motivation for the amount of work I have to do this week is killing me	0
The moment you feel like screaming till your lungs pop because your mind is over thinking everything troubled	The moment you feel like screaming till your lungs pop because your mind is over thinking everything troubled	0
Tomorrow and Friday can change my life either in a positive or negative way ..	Tomorrow and Friday can change my life either in a positive or negative way ..	0
Hopefully last of the Xmas shopping today, most organised weve ever been Christmas shopping stressed get back then ps4 time	Hopefully last of the Xmas shopping today, most organised weve ever been Christmas shopping stressed get back then ps4 time	0
havent been home since 630 this morning and have a chem and trig test tomorrow	havent been home since 630 this morning and have a chem and trig test tomorrow	0
very annoyed flight leaves 19:05 and we have not even boarded yet. No information as to why just held in the corridor.crapcustomerservice disapponted nervousflyer so this isnt helping !	very annoyed flight leaves 19:05 and we have not even boarded yet. No information as to why just held in the corridor.crapcustomerservice disapponted nervousflyer so this isnt helping !	0
should really be leaving for work but I cant even get outta bed :/ exhausted	should really be leaving for work but I cant even get outta bed :/ exhausted	0
Jesus fucken Christ they're always late at this dental clinic I have to make my schedule in an hour !!!!!!	Jesus fucken Christ they're always late at this dental clinic I have to make my schedule in an hour !!!!!!	0
Finding employment is not easy in this city "New York". Everything everywhere is so diverse and idk how to adjust and be focused.	Finding employment is not easy in this city "New York". Everything everywhere is so diverse and idk how to adjust and be focused.	0
Okay, seriously, why am I awake?! Me and the sandman are going to have a heart to heart soon! I need sleep! tired	Okay, seriously, why am I awake?! Me and the sandman are going to have a heart to heart soon! I need sleep! tired	0
I'm already 15 minutes late for my movie and I'm not even there yet MonstersUniversity	I'm already 15 minutes late for my movie and I'm not even there yet MonstersUniversity	0
Here goes little ole me as I slip into the stress of pointlesschristmas nosleep ignoringmypartner snappy	Here goes little ole me as I slip into the stress of pointlesschristmas nosleep ignoringmypartner snappy	0
I'm in desperate need of a masseuse and some peach tea right now. longday longweek	I'm in desperate need of a masseuse and some peach tea right now. longday longweek	0
I'm putting an ad up for anyone who wants to buy my parents. Additional info will be presented soon.	I'm putting an ad up for anyone who wants to buy my parents. Additional info will be presented soon.	0
After the pep-rally tomorrow social life goes back down the drain.. Got no homework done today.	After the pep-rally tomorrow social life goes back down the drain.. Got no homework done today.	0
I hate people. I hate Facebook. I hate people on Facebook. Mostly I hate finals	I hate people. I hate Facebook. I hate people on Facebook. Mostly I hate finals	0
getting home after a shitty day at school and putting your onsie on,making a cuppabrew and laptop - bliss	getting home after a shitty day at school and putting your onsie on,making a cuppabrew and laptop - bliss	0
I would love a crystal ball or a time machine right now To know if all of this effort will get me anywhere	I would love a crystal ball or a time machine right now To know if all of this effort will get me anywhere	0
As amazing as it is to travel a lot, it can also be very stressful, tiring and really bloody exhausting. noplacelikehome	As amazing as it is to travel a lot, it can also be very stressful, tiring and really bloody exhausting. noplacelikehome	0
Well didn't today was going to turn until a smoke half a pack of cigarettes and drink half a bottle of wine night but here we are	Well didn't today was going to turn until a smoke half a pack of cigarettes and drink half a bottle of wine night but here we are	0
Missed Zumba class once again. :( Hayzzz work. how I wish I could break up with you.	Missed Zumba class once again. :( Hayzzz work. how I wish I could break up with you.	0
The fact I just spent over an hour in the kitchen prepping food for the next few days shows dedication. wifemeup	The fact I just spent over an hour in the kitchen prepping food for the next few days shows dedication. wifemeup	0
Every Seven Hills student is ready to shoot themselves before the end of this weak	Every Seven Hills student is ready to shoot themselves before the end of this weak	0
I think its time i get out of the emotional abuse in my work place. newjobneeded	I think its time i get out of the emotional abuse in my work place. newjobneeded	0
How am I ment to study when I havnt been to school in so long.. Running out of time to study.. English today poets and mcbeth	How am I ment to study when I havnt been to school in so long.. Running out of time to study.. English today poets and mcbeth	0
Wondering when my mental breakdown will take place. I'm thinking round two am Saturday night.	Wondering when my mental breakdown will take place. I'm thinking round two am Saturday night.	0
I haven't had the same luck as last week.. Aggghhh Preston roadworks! Missed the god damn train!!!	I haven't had the same luck as last week.. Aggghhh Preston roadworks! Missed the god damn train!!!	0
Why can't I just write this freaking English paper? frustrated stressed gettingnowwhere can I just not turn it in:/	Why can't I just write this freaking English paper? frustrated stressed gettingnowwhere can I just not turn it in:/	0
I hate going to sleep so early because now i woke up and not torrd i got shii to do tmm	I hate going to sleep so early because now i woke up and not torrd i got shii to do tmm	0
As if I'm not stressed out enough about finals, now I'm sick with a sore throat. Fml. Sick	As if I'm not stressed out enough about finals, now I'm sick with a sore throat. Fml. Sick	0
Passport lost, passport found. Bag too heavy, moved shoes to hand luggage. Have to carry all my coats in my hands. Glass of wine?	Passport lost, passport found. Bag too heavy, moved shoes to hand luggage. Have to carry all my coats in my hands. Glass of wine?	0
Of course all Internet would be down and registration fucked just when I need to get 5 upper level philosophy classes	Of course all Internet would be down and registration fucked just when I need to get 5 upper level philosophy classes	0
This is the one time that I hate that it's Friday: work all weekend and then exams right after IsItChristmasYet	This is the one time that I hate that it's Friday: work all weekend and then exams right after IsItChristmasYet	0
Things aren't going the way I planned, but guess that's how things work. Hopefully my path is down this road.	Things aren't going the way I planned, but guess that's how things work. Hopefully my path is down this road.	0
literally had no time to do anything and won't have time in the next few months either	literally had no time to do anything and won't have time in the next few months either	0
I need a day just to finish all my projects and graduation stuff. justoneday stressed	I need a day just to finish all my projects and graduation stuff. justoneday stressed	0
So tired.. But I have to finish looking over genetics and organic nosleep Hurry up MardiGras	So tired.. But I have to finish looking over genetics and organic nosleep Hurry up MardiGras	0
Is seriously stressed today and its not even 9am yet! Public transport is a joke sometimes!!	Is seriously stressed today and its not even 9am yet! Public transport is a joke sometimes!!	0
And I pray that it's long enough I lose points if it's not long enough	And I pray that it's long enough I lose points if it's not long enough	0
i will pay anyone in chicken nuggets, if they do all of this damn schoolwork for me.	i will pay anyone in chicken nuggets, if they do all of this damn schoolwork for me.	0
This sounds terrible but I really wish I had some weed to smoke right now, and i never smoke. I'm just so sick of the bullshit.	This sounds terrible but I really wish I had some weed to smoke right now, and i never smoke. I'm just so sick of the bullshit.	0
One of those days when you feel like you need a five-minute hug, a pack of jet-puffed marshmallows and a friend to talk to.:( pagod	One of those days when you feel like you need a five-minute hug, a pack of jet-puffed marshmallows and a friend to talk to.:( pagod	0
Ugh okay next PIG paper I am not waiting until the night before its due to do it	Ugh okay next PIG paper I am not waiting until the night before its due to do it	0
I hate that anxious/nervous/sick feeling you get when big changes are happening in your life.	I hate that anxious/nervous/sick feeling you get when big changes are happening in your life.	0
the sceary moment when your feel life is spinning out of control going no where but down	the sceary moment when your feel life is spinning out of control going no where but down	0
Alright I think its time to go to sleep and not wake up for a long time Sick	Alright I think its time to go to sleep and not wake up for a long time Sick	0
why is it that when you build a bed the instructions are so difficult to understand?they may aswell be in Chinese for all i care	why is it that when you build a bed the instructions are so difficult to understand?they may aswell be in Chinese for all i care	0
Wanting to talk too him about something. But I don't want to start a argument!	Wanting to talk too him about something. But I don't want to start a argument!	0
Story of my life stressed low point worthless overthinking story of my life ugh dont know	Story of my life stressed low point worthless overthinking story of my life ugh dont know	0
not sure i should have drunk that.. oh well! ha girlsnight guyfreenight readyfortomorrow misshim love ben hashtag aha	not sure i should have drunk that.. oh well! ha girlsnight guyfreenight readyfortomorrow misshim love ben hashtag aha	0
If I make it through today without crying it is going to be a miracle.	If I make it through today without crying it is going to be a miracle.	0
Well, today Im attempting to move the bulk of my belongings down to Milwaukee. Pray that the frustration/incidents are kept to a minimum ThePinkoning	Well, today Im attempting to move the bulk of my belongings down to Milwaukee. Pray that the frustration/incidents are kept to a minimum ThePinkoning	0
Not in the mood , but still gone try n get thru it! GymFlow Stressed	Not in the mood , but still gone try n get thru it! GymFlow Stressed	0
You know it's a rough day when you cry in the doctors office or any public place for that matter	You know it's a rough day when you cry in the doctors office or any public place for that matter	0
So confused - do I wanna read all the Scandal tweets and find out hats happenin or wait until I'm stateside to watch. lo	So confused - do I wanna read all the Scandal tweets and find out hats happenin or wait until I'm stateside to watch. lo	0
I hate moving house! 4 voicemails and 6 missed calls and it's not even lunch time!	I hate moving house! 4 voicemails and 6 missed calls and it's not even lunch time!	0
It's during these unsettling times, that we can see what truly matters in our life.	It's during these unsettling times, that we can see what truly matters in our life.	0
I hate that I can't schedule my classes till next Tuesday. Like they're all gonna be filled	I hate that I can't schedule my classes till next Tuesday. Like they're all gonna be filled	0
roadrage , Calm down, take a deep breath. Its not worth it ! There are many over. and mad people out there.	roadrage , Calm down, take a deep breath. Its not worth it ! There are many over. and mad people out there.	0
Is it just me or has anyone else lost any and all motivation towards school frustrated isitbreakyet fucky	Is it just me or has anyone else lost any and all motivation towards school frustrated isitbreakyet fucky	0
I want to go on a roller coaster right now, just so I let this scream in my chest out! sad realitysucks dissapointed	I want to go on a roller coaster right now, just so I let this scream in my chest out! sad realitysucks dissapointed	0
All I want is some cold beer, && to go fishing on a boat. NeedToRelax	All I want is some cold beer, && to go fishing on a boat. NeedToRelax	0
Its day 1 of finals and in already ready to blow my brains out. frustrated	Its day 1 of finals and in already ready to blow my brains out. frustrated	0
I don't understand why everyone pressures us soo much. I mean I realize life is hard But sometimes you just need	I don't understand why everyone pressures us soo much. I mean I realize life is hard But sometimes you just need	0
If I make it through these next 5 days without having a break down it will be a miracle	If I make it through these next 5 days without having a break down it will be a miracle	0
Who would have thought that the last few days before Spring Break would be so stressful!!! I cant even handle it right n	Who would have thought that the last few days before Spring Break would be so stressful!!! I cant even handle it right n	0
very disappointed poor customer service don't even acknowledge correspondence stressed and victim of 3rd party damage	very disappointed poor customer service don't even acknowledge correspondence stressed and victim of 3rd party damage	0
Running around in ten different directions as per usual the day I leave for vacation. ahhhh	Running around in ten different directions as per usual the day I leave for vacation. ahhhh	0
Is it bad that I forgot my birthday until someone told me this morning haha	Is it bad that I forgot my birthday until someone told me this morning haha	0
Today is one of those days where I'm just gonna have to keep my mouth shout or I'm gonna hurt someone's feelings!!	Today is one of those days where I'm just gonna have to keep my mouth shout or I'm gonna hurt someone's feelings!!	0
Feeling tired, cranky, and ? Sounds like it's past time for selfcare. Taking time for yourself isn't a luxury- it's necessary	Feeling tired, cranky, and ? Sounds like it's past time for selfcare. Taking time for yourself isn't a luxury- it's necessary	0
It's happening Saturday no more school for the rest of my life.. god knows ive worked hard graduation FINALLY	It's happening Saturday no more school for the rest of my life.. god knows ive worked hard graduation FINALLY	0
Does the fact that I just balled my eyes out watching the end of Fever Pitch mean i'm emotionally unstable? Yes FinalsWeek	Does the fact that I just balled my eyes out watching the end of Fever Pitch mean i'm emotionally unstable? Yes FinalsWeek	0
When you're not sure about something you never know the next step. Once you figure it out its too late..	When you're not sure about something you never know the next step. Once you figure it out its too late..	0
Yes it does hurt, but I can't tell u bcos ur just not gonna understand :'(	Yes it does hurt, but I can't tell u bcos ur just not gonna understand :'(	0
Who would have thought that the last few days before Spring Break would be so stressful!!! I cant even handle it right now!	Who would have thought that the last few days before Spring Break would be so stressful!!! I cant even handle it right now!	0
When you have one of those headaches that are so bad you feel like your gonna get sick..	When you have one of those headaches that are so bad you feel like your gonna get sick..	0
Dr found large mass on my Dads lung, Mom needs eye surgery, but is to sick to have it done. +my car died	Dr found large mass on my Dads lung, Mom needs eye surgery, but is to sick to have it done. +my car died	0
the piano tuner is here and i don't know how long for and i'm scared incase i made her coffee wrong	the piano tuner is here and i don't know how long for and i'm scared incase i made her coffee wrong	0
One of those days where stepping out in front of van would be preferable to life. stupid I am too stupid to be on this course	One of those days where stepping out in front of van would be preferable to life. stupid I am too stupid to be on this course	0
I just keep telling myself four more days of insane studying, assignments and no sleep, then i can relax.	I just keep telling myself four more days of insane studying, assignments and no sleep, then i can relax.	0
been graduated college for over a year now.. whyyy im starting school again Friday, i still have no idea.	been graduated college for over a year now.. whyyy im starting school again Friday, i still have no idea.	0
I've aced every single math test this semester. now I'm trying to do the final review packet and just realized I am fucked!	I've aced every single math test this semester. now I'm trying to do the final review packet and just realized I am fucked!	0
No I'm not winking at you, my left eye just has a horrible twitching problem.	No I'm not winking at you, my left eye just has a horrible twitching problem.	0
I had an awful week, everything went wrong. Hoping next week will be better . carproblems family whyme	I had an awful week, everything went wrong. Hoping next week will be better . carproblems family whyme	0
1st mornin in new home cuppa n fag on the balcony feel kinda shit this morn	1st mornin in new home cuppa n fag on the balcony feel kinda shit this morn	0
Sooooo I just forgot the word for PowerPoint. How much cortisol can the brain handle before there's permanent damage? I'm seriously worried about my prefrontal cortex. You okay there, bud?	Sooooo I just forgot the word for PowerPoint. How much cortisol can the brain handle before there's permanent damage? I'm seriously worried about my prefrontal cortex. You okay there, bud?	0
How about no one buys me presents and then I don't have to buy them presents.. :( NotFeelingChristmasy	How about no one buys me presents and then I don't have to buy them presents.. :( NotFeelingChristmasy	0
The only reason why I am looking forward to basketball is so I can get my mind off of things. Annoyed	The only reason why I am looking forward to basketball is so I can get my mind off of things. Annoyed	0
Trying to juggle all of life's responsibilities, I think I have dropped the ball on meI need meeeee time soon! tired	Trying to juggle all of life's responsibilities, I think I have dropped the ball on meI need meeeee time soon! tired	0
Seriously can't study anymore, I NEED sleepso done with this week! Can tomorrow just be over already?!	Seriously can't study anymore, I NEED sleepso done with this week! Can tomorrow just be over already?!	0
That moment you realize all that hard work was for nothing and you do not have control over anything	That moment you realize all that hard work was for nothing and you do not have control over anything	0
Impossible situations, what ever I do I will be wrong! Sometime you have to smile and bite your tongue, ever that could be wrong!	Impossible situations, what ever I do I will be wrong! Sometime you have to smile and bite your tongue, ever that could be wrong!	0
like honestly, i hate when your girlfriend ruins everything .. like why u such a hater biotch .. feellikeshit	like honestly, i hate when your girlfriend ruins everything .. like why u such a hater biotch .. feellikeshit	0
Tweeting because that seems to be the only think I can do without breaking down, crying	Tweeting because that seems to be the only think I can do without breaking down, crying	0
I shouldn't be so stressed that I cry and get sick. I can't do this anymore.	I shouldn't be so stressed that I cry and get sick. I can't do this anymore.	0
I can't wait to workout and train tomorrow I need to release all this anger	I can't wait to workout and train tomorrow I need to release all this anger	0
All of a sudden Denielle James doesn't have a clue of her personal contributions as a Civil Engineer I think I need a break :/	All of a sudden Denielle James doesn't have a clue of her personal contributions as a Civil Engineer I think I need a break :/	0
You know your tired when you forgot your school work at home, and you leave your keys in your car	You know your tired when you forgot your school work at home, and you leave your keys in your car	0
Just found out today that I have a research paper due the next week, the same week I have a statistics test	Just found out today that I have a research paper due the next week, the same week I have a statistics test	0
Eating a slightly out of date ready meal.. At least if I get poorly I'll get sent home from work badmicrobiologist	Eating a slightly out of date ready meal.. At least if I get poorly I'll get sent home from work badmicrobiologist	0
So my printer fucks up when i have to print some work off fucksake annoyed	So my printer fucks up when i have to print some work off fucksake annoyed	0
Damn. Y'all already submitting your nfotd2014. I'm not ready. I still haven't seen Boyhood, BTL and Babadook. ("B's").	Damn. Y'all already submitting your nfotd2014. I'm not ready. I still haven't seen Boyhood, BTL and Babadook. ("B's").	0
Been referred to as JordOn twice already. Amongst other issues - can I go home please.? .com	Been referred to as JordOn twice already. Amongst other issues - can I go home please.? .com	0
SHE'S CRYiNG HER EYES OUT ON THiS RiDE HOME CAUSE OF HER SHOTS FROM EARLiER..  JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL PLEASE!!  *SiGH*	SHE'S CRYiNG HER EYES OUT ON THiS RiDE HOME CAUSE OF HER SHOTS FROM EARLiER..  JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL PLEASE!!  *SiGH*	0
The strike @ PE College is stressing me out now seriously, I mean june is almost here but asikenzi nix I ddnt even get the bursary	The strike @ PE College is stressing me out now seriously, I mean june is almost here but asikenzi nix I ddnt even get the bursary	0
Prob worst sleep ever! slept thru most so he's fine 4 race but please pray i have energy headache	Prob worst sleep ever! slept thru most so he's fine 4 race but please pray i have energy headache	0
I don't even know where to turn anymore. I wish I could say I'm done and actually mean it. upset	I don't even know where to turn anymore. I wish I could say I'm done and actually mean it. upset	0
Identify stressors. Realize what makes you feel stressed and do something to change them. Anxiety Depression	Identify stressors. Realize what makes you feel stressed and do something to change them. Anxiety Depression	0
I really need to stop putting my WWW words off until the night before the test..	I really need to stop putting my WWW words off until the night before the test..	0
It's okay to go home from work ng 9 db? MONDAY!!! Glad you're over!! Or not yet	It's okay to go home from work ng 9 db? MONDAY!!! Glad you're over!! Or not yet	0
roomtoimprove Dermot out of sorts with corrugated roof colour green or red gaff mayb he's a mayo man underneath it all or out	roomtoimprove Dermot out of sorts with corrugated roof colour green or red gaff mayb he's a mayo man underneath it all or out	0
last time I traveled frontier there was a 22 hour delay. Flight 882 already starting with an hour and half delay. Not a good sign. I just want to get home.	last time I traveled frontier there was a 22 hour delay. Flight 882 already starting with an hour and half delay. Not a good sign. I just want to get home.	0
You know it's finals week when your start crying when your dad asks you about napkins. what	You know it's finals week when your start crying when your dad asks you about napkins. what	0
Time for bed exam tmw, interview tuesday, exam wednesday and exam friday !! Cant wait for this week to be over	Time for bed exam tmw, interview tuesday, exam wednesday and exam friday !! Cant wait for this week to be over	0
The annoying moment when people assume that I'm mad.. No it's called caring about others actually! sooverfinals	The annoying moment when people assume that I'm mad.. No it's called caring about others actually! sooverfinals	0
I've noticed that, in my family, we're not happy unless we have at least one more project than we can handle aka	I've noticed that, in my family, we're not happy unless we have at least one more project than we can handle aka	0
I can't do this anymore I can't I'm sorry I have done it for to long itshurtingme	I can't do this anymore I can't I'm sorry I have done it for to long itshurtingme	0
4 hours training for such a critical role/position is not enough. Nothing went right, right from start !	4 hours training for such a critical role/position is not enough. Nothing went right, right from start !	0
It's not even 9 a.m. and I'm ready to start the day over again. Frustrated	It's not even 9 a.m. and I'm ready to start the day over again. Frustrated	0
I missed school yesterday. and missing that ONE day is equivalent to missing a WEEK.	I missed school yesterday. and missing that ONE day is equivalent to missing a WEEK.	0
Took my car in at 8, no classes all day, not feeling well, and haven't fallen back asleep. Can you say	Took my car in at 8, no classes all day, not feeling well, and haven't fallen back asleep. Can you say	0
intl somnies joined my ga's some of which are US Only and now im having trouble finding US somnies i just don't want to get people's hopes up but this is getting so messy.. idk what to do (-:	intl somnies joined my ga's some of which are US Only and now im having trouble finding US somnies i just don't want to get people's hopes up but this is getting so messy.. idk what to do (-:	0
What a week so far. I wish I knew how to handle some of the decisions I have to make. :(	What a week so far. I wish I knew how to handle some of the decisions I have to make. :(	0
Needing some stress relief. Gonna take a long shower then lay down and watch a movie. Maybe it'll help..	Needing some stress relief. Gonna take a long shower then lay down and watch a movie. Maybe it'll help..	0
Got lots of house viewings today, so casually the pigs decide to kick all their bedding out their cage all over my bedroom floor	Got lots of house viewings today, so casually the pigs decide to kick all their bedding out their cage all over my bedroom floor	0
really feel sorry for my sis. She also paid over 200 for alterations, now told seamstress has left - panic PANIC	really feel sorry for my sis. She also paid over 200 for alterations, now told seamstress has left - panic PANIC	0
how do i manage to make such a mess of my room when all i do is sit in one spot all the time.	how do i manage to make such a mess of my room when all i do is sit in one spot all the time.	0
You know that weird neck massage thing adults did to us as kids that most of us found painful af? Where are they now that I actually could use it? justcurious	You know that weird neck massage thing adults did to us as kids that most of us found painful af? Where are they now that I actually could use it? justcurious	0
Learn lines in a week, down payment for college in two weeks, speech next Saturday, work, homework, keep a social life, etc.	Learn lines in a week, down payment for college in two weeks, speech next Saturday, work, homework, keep a social life, etc.	0
That moment you have cataract surgery tomorrow and your wife and mother in law are stuck 6 1/2 hours away with car trouble.	That moment you have cataract surgery tomorrow and your wife and mother in law are stuck 6 1/2 hours away with car trouble.	0
I hate having so much to do that you can't do anything because you're thinking about all of the other things you have to do	I hate having so much to do that you can't do anything because you're thinking about all of the other things you have to do	0
After the day I've had at work today I feel like smacking my head against a wall! stressed	After the day I've had at work today I feel like smacking my head against a wall! stressed	0
Trying to do better and finding some way to fail miserably anyways. Screw you too life	Trying to do better and finding some way to fail miserably anyways. Screw you too life	0
Can't wait till opening day I need a day in the woods and a few days after that can't wait!	Can't wait till opening day I need a day in the woods and a few days after that can't wait!	0
Me and Carsyn are dropping out of school and moving to Florida.. See y'all on the other side	Me and Carsyn are dropping out of school and moving to Florida.. See y'all on the other side	0
Running round at 100 mph to try and get everything prepared and packed for Christmas because UKStorm is ruining all my plans	Running round at 100 mph to try and get everything prepared and packed for Christmas because UKStorm is ruining all my plans	0
Did you knowMore teenagers worry MOST about schoolwork issuesmore than any other aspect of going back to school?	Did you knowMore teenagers worry MOST about schoolwork issuesmore than any other aspect of going back to school?	0
Whoever thinks wedding planning is fun is crazy! I havent slept in 2 days from it and I dont think Ill be getting much sleep anytime soon	Whoever thinks wedding planning is fun is crazy! I havent slept in 2 days from it and I dont think Ill be getting much sleep anytime soon	0
Today is one of those days at work where I want to just sit on the floor and cry tired	Today is one of those days at work where I want to just sit on the floor and cry tired	0
Why does everything have to be so much harder than you want it to be.	Why does everything have to be so much harder than you want it to be.	0
But aye, on a note, I got court in the morning, Odds are, ya bois bouta be on probation. please help me thru this very unfortunate situation i have tripped into. This is in regards to a case from 3 years ago involving underage possesion of alc, and a chillum.	But aye, on a note, I got court in the morning, Odds are, ya bois bouta be on probation. please help me thru this very unfortunate situation i have tripped into. This is in regards to a case from 3 years ago involving underage possesion of alc, and a chillum.	0
My jaw hurts , my family's being annoying , and I have a lot of homework .	My jaw hurts , my family's being annoying , and I have a lot of homework .	0
Yupp it's official.. bio/health sciences/ nursing is not for me. Officially scared and my goosebumps won't go down :(	Yupp it's official.. bio/health sciences/ nursing is not for me. Officially scared and my goosebumps won't go down :(	0
Break a leg. Colm's will do. Leave poor RK alone. He's been talking 2 squirels and chasing horses standing on chairs.	Break a leg. Colm's will do. Leave poor RK alone. He's been talking 2 squirels and chasing horses standing on chairs.	0
is anyone else planning on going to DCU and doesn't have accommodation sorted yet? or am I the only one :( sadface	is anyone else planning on going to DCU and doesn't have accommodation sorted yet? or am I the only one :( sadface	0
Fuck HumpDay im gonna tie Wednesday down, ball gag it and slap its tits about till i feel better. badday done now	Fuck HumpDay im gonna tie Wednesday down, ball gag it and slap its tits about till i feel better. badday done now	0
Ahhhh this either getting a house or a new car is gunna be the death of me	Ahhhh this either getting a house or a new car is gunna be the death of me	0
I'm starting to get confused on my homework assignments. I don't know what I'm supposed to do tonight. <;<;<; toomuchhw	I'm starting to get confused on my homework assignments. I don't know what I'm supposed to do tonight. <;<;<; toomuchhw	0
Miscommunication is a word that makes me sad- on the Longest day of my life .. . May 22, 2019 Mercy Hospital	Miscommunication is a word that makes me sad- on the Longest day of my life .. . May 22, 2019 Mercy Hospital	0
Had the evening from hell!!! Took over 7 hours to get home from manchester fucked	Had the evening from hell!!! Took over 7 hours to get home from manchester fucked	0
I love you too! I think and I are pulling an almost allnighter to study :(then I am done! thankgod	I love you too! I think and I are pulling an almost allnighter to study :(then I am done! thankgod	0
Sometimes, it's just one of those days.. But life stops for no one and yeaaa gotta keep pushing. sad annoyed hurt	Sometimes, it's just one of those days.. But life stops for no one and yeaaa gotta keep pushing. sad annoyed hurt	0
out all week long. Took a long shower and now masking my face since the stress has been making it	out all week long. Took a long shower and now masking my face since the stress has been making it	0
Guys I am sick and coughing. I hope I have not caught the virus. I am going to try to wait it out till Monday to go to the doctor. I have been under stress lately so that could be why to. sick	Guys I am sick and coughing. I hope I have not caught the virus. I am going to try to wait it out till Monday to go to the doctor. I have been under stress lately so that could be why to. sick	0
Waiting on financialaid is stressful and my kid is supposed to move into her dorm less than 2 weeks. Classes will start soon. This should be done already cause we did ours early	Waiting on financialaid is stressful and my kid is supposed to move into her dorm less than 2 weeks. Classes will start soon. This should be done already cause we did ours early	0
The essay I am writing about mental health is causing me so much stress that it's affecting my mental health. But at the same time it's shown me how I have alot to be greatful for.	The essay I am writing about mental health is causing me so much stress that it's affecting my mental health. But at the same time it's shown me how I have alot to be greatful for.	0
I blame the Czech media's false and made up accusations for Berdych's loss today. He looked distant throughout	I blame the Czech media's false and made up accusations for Berdych's loss today. He looked distant throughout	0
Cringing over the fact that transcripts come out tomorrow and I won't see it till Friday	Cringing over the fact that transcripts come out tomorrow and I won't see it till Friday	0
shoot outs make me ridiculously nervous and jumpy. Gonna be up all night now. Chicago Five0SaysNo	shoot outs make me ridiculously nervous and jumpy. Gonna be up all night now. Chicago Five0SaysNo	0
I always think I'm stressed out to the max, then something comes along and proves me wrong.	I always think I'm stressed out to the max, then something comes along and proves me wrong.	0
Going fishing all night with a cooler of cold ones since you don't wanna talkconfused thinking	Going fishing all night with a cooler of cold ones since you don't wanna talkconfused thinking	0
pinginnya memanjakan diri dgn black forest, cokelat, and nothing to think and do for this time.	pinginnya memanjakan diri dgn black forest, cokelat, and nothing to think and do for this time.	0
Bloody mad goose chase trying to get a bus to work this morning! Forget it's Saturday. The sooner I pass my test the better!	Bloody mad goose chase trying to get a bus to work this morning! Forget it's Saturday. The sooner I pass my test the better!	0
Im a mess, plus Im beyond sick, plus I have so much to do and Im leaving in a day	Im a mess, plus Im beyond sick, plus I have so much to do and Im leaving in a day	0
Sometimes I really can't read you I feel like you're in a mood with me and I don't know what I've done wrong. upset	Sometimes I really can't read you I feel like you're in a mood with me and I don't know what I've done wrong. upset	0
All of a sudden I forget how to drive  just turned off my car without putting it on park. School gots me fucked up already.	All of a sudden I forget how to drive  just turned off my car without putting it on park. School gots me fucked up already.	0
I was able to fall asleep at 9 but of course now at 1am I am wide awake	I was able to fall asleep at 9 but of course now at 1am I am wide awake	0
I really need to learn how to relaxI can't keep doing this to myself tired sore tense	I really need to learn how to relaxI can't keep doing this to myself tired sore tense	0
Got up late so it was a big rush to get everyone to school. Got there in time.	Got up late so it was a big rush to get everyone to school. Got there in time.	0
Who Evers smart idea it was to put C3 and English lit on the same day needs a bollocking!	Who Evers smart idea it was to put C3 and English lit on the same day needs a bollocking!	0
So much to do, so little time that i have practically forgot everything I need to do.	So much to do, so little time that i have practically forgot everything I need to do.	0
I have this horrible feeling I won't be sleeping well the next few days. .	I have this horrible feeling I won't be sleeping well the next few days. .	0
I seriously wish I wasn't in this truck, is rather be on the field to get stuff off my mind.	I seriously wish I wasn't in this truck, is rather be on the field to get stuff off my mind.	0
So I finally reached breaking point tonight.. Stress has built up so much I cried uncontrollably for an hour	So I finally reached breaking point tonight.. Stress has built up so much I cried uncontrollably for an hour	0
Can I have a life remote so I can fast forward through this week to next Tuesday	Can I have a life remote so I can fast forward through this week to next Tuesday	0
Don't know how I am going to move house, start a new job and get all my uni work finished within the next few weeks	Don't know how I am going to move house, start a new job and get all my uni work finished within the next few weeks	0
Literally made the train to Preston by the skin of my teeth! I hate London transport!	Literally made the train to Preston by the skin of my teeth! I hate London transport!	0
sometimes I think I'm going to have a metal break down with every thing I go through in life	sometimes I think I'm going to have a metal break down with every thing I go through in life	0
Ahhh less than 5 months till our wedding day.. Who knew details in a wedding were so crucial..	Ahhh less than 5 months till our wedding day.. Who knew details in a wedding were so crucial..	0
It's boring to be normal :-/ I'm tryna be different but nothing is working out right !! boring	It's boring to be normal :-/ I'm tryna be different but nothing is working out right !! boring	0
Professor told me he can tell how stressed I am based on how heavily dot my i's on my quizzes. Today the dots very big and dark	Professor told me he can tell how stressed I am based on how heavily dot my i's on my quizzes. Today the dots very big and dark	0
Off to Manila. Ugh its so early I hate this. Got a wedding gig today. Hay so sleepy.  needmoney	Off to Manila. Ugh its so early I hate this. Got a wedding gig today. Hay so sleepy.  needmoney	0
I'm tired of this place. God show me where I need to be the next 4 years of my life. I need confirmation	I'm tired of this place. God show me where I need to be the next 4 years of my life. I need confirmation	0
There's a clock in my house that is inexplicably set to one hour after all the other clocks and I do not know why. haunted send help	There's a clock in my house that is inexplicably set to one hour after all the other clocks and I do not know why. haunted send help	0
Seriously need to start making a start on Christmas ! Just wish i had an imagination an knew what to get people	Seriously need to start making a start on Christmas ! Just wish i had an imagination an knew what to get people	0
Considering I finished work so early I'm only now getting in :( what a horrible day	Considering I finished work so early I'm only now getting in :( what a horrible day	0
Who told me nursing school was a good idea who ever u are i hate you too	Who told me nursing school was a good idea who ever u are i hate you too	0
I am literally fucked tmrrw..two midterms and paper due Thursday havent even started why did i do this to myself	I am literally fucked tmrrw..two midterms and paper due Thursday havent even started why did i do this to myself	0
Have a bunch of stuff to start thinking about, and don't wanna have to make these hard decisions, oh well that's life for ya	Have a bunch of stuff to start thinking about, and don't wanna have to make these hard decisions, oh well that's life for ya	0
I swear it's been a bad day I just wanna curl up in a ball and cry my eyes out. Sadtweet	I swear it's been a bad day I just wanna curl up in a ball and cry my eyes out. Sadtweet	0
I can't even force my self to take a day off if I wanted it	I can't even force my self to take a day off if I wanted it	0
When people are involved in more things than I am I always wonder how they do it.	When people are involved in more things than I am I always wonder how they do it.	0
I've never been more unhappy with a rehearsal in my life. and we have one week to get it together.	I've never been more unhappy with a rehearsal in my life. and we have one week to get it together.	0
Another day down in my 8 year adventure still easy but super stressful damn I wish	Another day down in my 8 year adventure still easy but super stressful damn I wish	0
Being so tired u can't sleep, along with the 2366432 things running thru your mind.	Being so tired u can't sleep, along with the 2366432 things running thru your mind.	0
I need to get back on the ice! I'm going crazy with college, homework, and teachers. Someone shoot a puck at me please	I need to get back on the ice! I'm going crazy with college, homework, and teachers. Someone shoot a puck at me please	0
I wish I had my own house! At least I'd know the bills will be paid. Annoyed Stressed that much more determined to find another job	I wish I had my own house! At least I'd know the bills will be paid. Annoyed Stressed that much more determined to find another job	0
Text me if your at the crown game. Im here. But i cant find my friends	Text me if your at the crown game. Im here. But i cant find my friends	0
I just want to slip away into a deep sleep and not wake up tired	I just want to slip away into a deep sleep and not wake up tired	0
fedup of stupid 2 faced people. about mocks too. Got so much stuff going on I hate it.	fedup of stupid 2 faced people. about mocks too. Got so much stuff going on I hate it.	0
By the end of this semester I will be a 20yr old trapped in a 1000yr old body.	By the end of this semester I will be a 20yr old trapped in a 1000yr old body.	0
Please help me!!! Basware has been out of action for a week now and I still can't get on it :'(	Please help me!!! Basware has been out of action for a week now and I still can't get on it :'(	0
Hate Easyjet website with a passion. Booked my flights yet says it can't find me, arggghhh.	Hate Easyjet website with a passion. Booked my flights yet says it can't find me, arggghhh.	0
Of course the biggest athletic story of the year breaks the week before finals. busy annoyed can't imagine how others feel	Of course the biggest athletic story of the year breaks the week before finals. busy annoyed can't imagine how others feel	0
This feels like a tough week. Its only tuesday and Ive already had far too many meltdowns. exhausted .	This feels like a tough week. Its only tuesday and Ive already had far too many meltdowns. exhausted .	0
I just want to be able to get through a week, just one week, without feeling stressed.	I just want to be able to get through a week, just one week, without feeling stressed.	0
I do not have time to bullshit my weekend, finals are in like 5 days :(	I do not have time to bullshit my weekend, finals are in like 5 days :(	0
It may have taken me longer to get my life going but at least I'm doing it.	It may have taken me longer to get my life going but at least I'm doing it.	0
This cold sore is so uncomfortable. This is the 1st time I've ever gotten one. My lipscan't take it  I'm such a baby.	This cold sore is so uncomfortable. This is the 1st time I've ever gotten one. My lipscan't take it  I'm such a baby.	0
hate how all that seems to be the talk in grade 12 is university and marks	hate how all that seems to be the talk in grade 12 is university and marks	0
Downstairs so I can get some sleep now its gonna take me forever to fall back asleep.	Downstairs so I can get some sleep now its gonna take me forever to fall back asleep.	0
Can not wait for a week of work bloody hairs going to start falling out!	Can not wait for a week of work bloody hairs going to start falling out!	0
This guy looked up a graph showing historical sea levels to talk about the origin of the flood myths why stop crying toomuch	This guy looked up a graph showing historical sea levels to talk about the origin of the flood myths why stop crying toomuch	0
I'm stuck again at a time in my life where every time I turn around, something else goes wrong	I'm stuck again at a time in my life where every time I turn around, something else goes wrong	0
If you think it's a good idea to give an exam the week before finals, you are wrong	If you think it's a good idea to give an exam the week before finals, you are wrong	0
In one of those moods where everything just annoys me , Just feel like crying really .	In one of those moods where everything just annoys me , Just feel like crying really .	0
Government obvs trying to save money and ended up using the worst company can't book my skills tests anywhere!	Government obvs trying to save money and ended up using the worst company can't book my skills tests anywhere!	0
It's safe to say its been a bad day when you cry at Hell's Kitchen	It's safe to say its been a bad day when you cry at Hell's Kitchen	0
RU stressed RE work or friends? Tapas Acupressure works w/ free script for BIG issues. Easy to follow guide	RU stressed RE work or friends? Tapas Acupressure works w/ free script for BIG issues. Easy to follow guide	0
With all the frustration i have built up after work i should take up boxing or something! UGGHHH seriously	With all the frustration i have built up after work i should take up boxing or something! UGGHHH seriously	0
what time is gold medal game? You're advertising 6am est but guide is showing 7am est?	what time is gold medal game? You're advertising 6am est but guide is showing 7am est?	0
Thanks SNHU for having all Lit 200 classes only holding up to 10 kids, how the fuck do you expect us to get in?	Thanks SNHU for having all Lit 200 classes only holding up to 10 kids, how the fuck do you expect us to get in?	0
Im so exhausted but I cant sleep bc I have so much on my mind.	Im so exhausted but I cant sleep bc I have so much on my mind.	0
MondayMotivation was weak today. Doctor's appointment went okay, rest of the day seemed to be a struggle. stepmomstruggle	MondayMotivation was weak today. Doctor's appointment went okay, rest of the day seemed to be a struggle. stepmomstruggle	0
It's crazy how once you start working and going to school all you want to do in your free time is lay in bed and sleep.	It's crazy how once you start working and going to school all you want to do in your free time is lay in bed and sleep.	0
I just don't know what to do .. Sick .. do I get rest or finish these projects? Health or Education ??	I just don't know what to do .. Sick .. do I get rest or finish these projects? Health or Education ??	0
Worst case scenario just happened. Fml. This month has definitely been the worst month of 2016 so far. Nothing is going my way.	Worst case scenario just happened. Fml. This month has definitely been the worst month of 2016 so far. Nothing is going my way.	0
sounds sad, but I can't wait for all these distractions to be over and then I can knuckle down and do some proper revision	sounds sad, but I can't wait for all these distractions to be over and then I can knuckle down and do some proper revision	0
Need to stop crying before work. I'm going to get asked so many questions if they see me sad or crying.	Need to stop crying before work. I'm going to get asked so many questions if they see me sad or crying.	0
just realised i tweeted an angry tweet almost once a minute for 10mins.. oops sorry folks.	just realised i tweeted an angry tweet almost once a minute for 10mins.. oops sorry folks.	0
That was the biggest waste of my time. Now to do homework until the wee-hours of the morning.	That was the biggest waste of my time. Now to do homework until the wee-hours of the morning.	0
I cannot wait for this week to be over and for a break from school.	I cannot wait for this week to be over and for a break from school.	0
Wish i could be left in peace for just 5 minutes when I get home from work :-(	Wish i could be left in peace for just 5 minutes when I get home from work :-(	0
I wanna go back to school so bad, but I don't know what I want to do.	I wanna go back to school so bad, but I don't know what I want to do.	0
Figuring out my classes for highschool, they give us like 10 choices then ask us to pick 7 -_-	Figuring out my classes for highschool, they give us like 10 choices then ask us to pick 7 -_-	0
I have absolutely no time to study for exams with all this homework I have	I have absolutely no time to study for exams with all this homework I have	0
chillmode waiting for pizza about to smash !! lol but stressed wanna cry but ima be great and	chillmode waiting for pizza about to smash !! lol but stressed wanna cry but ima be great and	0
Need to take the tube to the other side of London, check-in for the conference and start my presentation in 30 minutes. norush	Need to take the tube to the other side of London, check-in for the conference and start my presentation in 30 minutes. norush	0
HELP! Anyone know why over the past wk I've started to set the alarms off going in/out of shops. No jewellery/new clothes/phone.	HELP! Anyone know why over the past wk I've started to set the alarms off going in/out of shops. No jewellery/new clothes/phone.	0
Waitin for to arrive at work with no more dissertation stress! Woooo finally the normal claire back	Waitin for to arrive at work with no more dissertation stress! Woooo finally the normal claire back	0
I really hate violence. I can't stand screaming and physical violence always leads to more violence.	I really hate violence. I can't stand screaming and physical violence always leads to more violence.	0
I'm not good at change, I have to much of it going on and I'm not liking it. I wish things would go back to how they should be.	I'm not good at change, I have to much of it going on and I'm not liking it. I wish things would go back to how they should be.	0
It's days like today I wish I was still a child and had my mummy to do everything for me. Dont like this adult world!	It's days like today I wish I was still a child and had my mummy to do everything for me. Dont like this adult world!	0
Holy crazy day at work. Being 'in charge' is a scary, yet exciting endeavor. tired	Holy crazy day at work. Being 'in charge' is a scary, yet exciting endeavor. tired	0
My anxiety level today is astronomical. Final checkoff tomorrow at 8:30. Lord please just let me pass this last one	My anxiety level today is astronomical. Final checkoff tomorrow at 8:30. Lord please just let me pass this last one	0
I just have so much going through my mind. Thank you, I appreciate you checking up on me.	I just have so much going through my mind. Thank you, I appreciate you checking up on me.	0
I tried so hard and got so far, but in the end it doesn't really matter."	I tried so hard and got so far, but in the end it doesn't really matter."	0
Met 2 encouraging women in the past 2 days that are sooo about to be my lifecoach and not even know it  I need to be uplifted;	Met 2 encouraging women in the past 2 days that are sooo about to be my lifecoach and not even know it  I need to be uplifted;	0
Sitting in a 9hr food and safety class is not okay with me right now	Sitting in a 9hr food and safety class is not okay with me right now	0
Maybe I should have done this research paper a week ago instead of the day before it's due..	Maybe I should have done this research paper a week ago instead of the day before it's due..	0
A hug, long vent session, and a study buddy are the only things that will get my through the rest of this week.	A hug, long vent session, and a study buddy are the only things that will get my through the rest of this week.	0
ah, just sent the wrong half of the tweet and then spelled the right half wrong..my brains not working anymore	ah, just sent the wrong half of the tweet and then spelled the right half wrong..my brains not working anymore	0
Going to see sleeping with sirens next week and I just can't get excited :(	Going to see sleeping with sirens next week and I just can't get excited :(	0
When someone can't use the few outlets they have for stress, that person will become	When someone can't use the few outlets they have for stress, that person will become	0
vacation is supposed to be stress free.. I need school so I can focus on something else. :(	vacation is supposed to be stress free.. I need school so I can focus on something else. :(	0
I don't hate dogs I just don't want them in my house but I guess that's history now that someone gave a dog.	I don't hate dogs I just don't want them in my house but I guess that's history now that someone gave a dog.	0
Group project due Friday, test Thursday, 2 tests to make up, 2 tests next week. My life<;<;<;<;<; notime	Group project due Friday, test Thursday, 2 tests to make up, 2 tests next week. My life<;<;<;<;<; notime	0
Fear is just an excuse to try harder." fearful anxious stressed faith hope trying hard	Fear is just an excuse to try harder." fearful anxious stressed faith hope trying hard	0
I don't see why my teachers are cramming everything in the last 2 weeks before spring break.	I don't see why my teachers are cramming everything in the last 2 weeks before spring break.	0
It would honestly be a miracle if I were to be able to sleep tonight	It would honestly be a miracle if I were to be able to sleep tonight	0
DelayMdcat DelayMDCAT2020 DelayMDCAT2020First StudentsLivesMatter Students are because of your Weird policies which you are changing every hour. The cant Focus on their	DelayMdcat DelayMDCAT2020 DelayMDCAT2020First StudentsLivesMatter Students are because of your Weird policies which you are changing every hour. The cant Focus on their	0
i have so much homework overdue, a 6am practice tomorrow and i'm already exhausted aaaAAAHhh	i have so much homework overdue, a 6am practice tomorrow and i'm already exhausted aaaAAAHhh	0
The Day i die no One even my Closest FriendS will just Cry Because it is the Life and in Something she Begin to Be	The Day i die no One even my Closest FriendS will just Cry Because it is the Life and in Something she Begin to Be	0
Pretty sure I'll be having a breakdown soon, if not today then sometime this week. exhausted sick	Pretty sure I'll be having a breakdown soon, if not today then sometime this week. exhausted sick	0
One day I just want lay down and not have to worry about a single damn thing	One day I just want lay down and not have to worry about a single damn thing	0
No idea if my transmission will hold for one trip to KC much less two.	No idea if my transmission will hold for one trip to KC much less two.	0
who ever said senior year is easy I want to punch you in the face its so hard :'(	who ever said senior year is easy I want to punch you in the face its so hard :'(	0
The moment when you didn't realize you were being registered for class and are now in jeopardy of being withdrawn AND having to pay?	The moment when you didn't realize you were being registered for class and are now in jeopardy of being withdrawn AND having to pay?	0
Have a paper due tomorrow that was given one week ago and im just starting it	Have a paper due tomorrow that was given one week ago and im just starting it	0
Time management and dealing with a million things at once is clearly not my thing	Time management and dealing with a million things at once is clearly not my thing	0
I say I'll wait for you until you're ready but that's wrong. Hm. yeahok yourecrazy mylife	I say I'll wait for you until you're ready but that's wrong. Hm. yeahok yourecrazy mylife	0
Horrible day  if anyone needs me I'll be in my room hiding under my blankets until today goes away StressPosition	Horrible day  if anyone needs me I'll be in my room hiding under my blankets until today goes away StressPosition	0
Brb while I literally plan my life for the next two months out down to the second	Brb while I literally plan my life for the next two months out down to the second	0
We don't have school but yet I'm here in my bed at 9am doing my psychology paper that is due tomorrow	We don't have school but yet I'm here in my bed at 9am doing my psychology paper that is due tomorrow	0
You know you are under a lot of stress when you dream that you are missing your flight and that you are unprepared for a test. In the same dream.	You know you are under a lot of stress when you dream that you are missing your flight and that you are unprepared for a test. In the same dream.	0
I just want a rack of beer to watch movies to all night frustrated	I just want a rack of beer to watch movies to all night frustrated	0
I don't even smoke but I been feeling like I need to these past few days.	I don't even smoke but I been feeling like I need to these past few days.	0
I have some much homework but I feel like I going to pass out ill	I have some much homework but I feel like I going to pass out ill	0
im ab money rn i keep track of all my spending and im concerned im like..? a significant amount off.???? and im Very confused and idk where that money is..? bc i literally???? keep track of EVETYTHING.?	im ab money rn i keep track of all my spending and im concerned im like..? a significant amount off.???? and im Very confused and idk where that money is..? bc i literally???? keep track of EVETYTHING.?	0
So tired yet I can't fall asleep :( too busy about thinking how much stuff I need to finish before Tuesday	So tired yet I can't fall asleep :( too busy about thinking how much stuff I need to finish before Tuesday	0
Im so ready for tonight to be over and to have a new start to my week! annoyed	Im so ready for tonight to be over and to have a new start to my week! annoyed	0
im at the next level of : here, let me just chug caffeine in a super unhealthy way and mentally overwork myself as Im already cramming for school with no time, e v e r. Thank you education system of America for making my life depend on a percentage and letter grade. 1/6	im at the next level of : here, let me just chug caffeine in a super unhealthy way and mentally overwork myself as Im already cramming for school with no time, e v e r. Thank you education system of America for making my life depend on a percentage and letter grade. 1/6	0
My sympathetic nervous system and I are not getting along this week. Keep that cortisol in its place I don't want it!!!	My sympathetic nervous system and I are not getting along this week. Keep that cortisol in its place I don't want it!!!	0
Physically and emotionally exhausted. Praying for guidance, strength, and clarity. Leaving it in the lords hands.	Physically and emotionally exhausted. Praying for guidance, strength, and clarity. Leaving it in the lords hands.	0
Just gave a fake recorder and editor our YT info.. FML.. I actually believed him.. Damn it.	Just gave a fake recorder and editor our YT info.. FML.. I actually believed him.. Damn it.	0
Fed up of my backpain, no matter what I do or which drugs I take its just getting worse - any ideas to ease it?! Frustrated	Fed up of my backpain, no matter what I do or which drugs I take its just getting worse - any ideas to ease it?! Frustrated	0
IAPT staff will be at Age UK Allesley Park Library, Whitaker Rd, CV5 9JE today between 11:45 and 12:45. iapt	IAPT staff will be at Age UK Allesley Park Library, Whitaker Rd, CV5 9JE today between 11:45 and 12:45. iapt	0
Me too RT: Once this lockdown ends all I want to do is walk outside and eat cake and drink beers. Seriously.	Me too RT: Once this lockdown ends all I want to do is walk outside and eat cake and drink beers. Seriously.	0
Just now leaving Myrtle Beach right now and I am actually excited to go home, I really need to not be stressed because people want me to have a fun time where most of the time I just like to relax	Just now leaving Myrtle Beach right now and I am actually excited to go home, I really need to not be stressed because people want me to have a fun time where most of the time I just like to relax	0
Can we just rewind time to when my biggest problem was having some nasty pistachio pudding for dessert?? That'd be nice.	Can we just rewind time to when my biggest problem was having some nasty pistachio pudding for dessert?? That'd be nice.	0
First big anatomy test today AND a physiology quiz :/ my brain hurts from studying all night!	First big anatomy test today AND a physiology quiz :/ my brain hurts from studying all night!	0
Realizing that I start exams in two and a half weeks.where did the semester go?! crazy	Realizing that I start exams in two and a half weeks.where did the semester go?! crazy	0
I'm big on respect so if you have no respect for me, don't expect me give it back to you	I'm big on respect so if you have no respect for me, don't expect me give it back to you	0
When you work REALLY hard on a paper. Then, you accidentally submit the rough rough draft and fail it. mylife	When you work REALLY hard on a paper. Then, you accidentally submit the rough rough draft and fail it. mylife	0
So stressed. Where am I going? What do I want? Why don't I feel excited for what's next? confused frustrated	So stressed. Where am I going? What do I want? Why don't I feel excited for what's next? confused frustrated	0
your nail polishes don't ship to the States!! HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE A LITTLE DUCK?!?!	your nail polishes don't ship to the States!! HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE A LITTLE DUCK?!?!	0
These past two weeks have really pushed me to my breaking point with all this schoolwork.	These past two weeks have really pushed me to my breaking point with all this schoolwork.	0
O sleep, how I miss thee busy stressed insomnia Can't handle caffeine, so I'm living on a prayer	O sleep, how I miss thee busy stressed insomnia Can't handle caffeine, so I'm living on a prayer	0
I look down and realize that I have picked all of my nail polish off whoops	I look down and realize that I have picked all of my nail polish off whoops	0
Getting down to crunch time to get things done before Friday..hard ti balance everythingcalcclass packing emails planning	Getting down to crunch time to get things done before Friday..hard ti balance everythingcalcclass packing emails planning	0
These papers are going to be the death of me. I'm so confused. college papers why	These papers are going to be the death of me. I'm so confused. college papers why	0
I'm starting to get back to my old self, too bad I started smoking again tho, I smoke just as much cigs as I use to	I'm starting to get back to my old self, too bad I started smoking again tho, I smoke just as much cigs as I use to	0
3rd wheeled The Revenant today. Aside from feeling for 3 hrs, I had Ms Crinkly Wrapper to my right and Mr Loud Commenter behind me.	3rd wheeled The Revenant today. Aside from feeling for 3 hrs, I had Ms Crinkly Wrapper to my right and Mr Loud Commenter behind me.	0
I just wanted to hangout with my bestfriend today but all I did was homework sad	I just wanted to hangout with my bestfriend today but all I did was homework sad	0
When you have to get your baby to the sitters, and get yourself to work, and youre running late, and then your car doesnt start	When you have to get your baby to the sitters, and get yourself to work, and youre running late, and then your car doesnt start	0
How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time. How do you plan a wedding? One decision at a time. exhausted	How do you eat an elephant? One bite at a time. How do you plan a wedding? One decision at a time. exhausted	0
This has been a bad week. If you see me today and I look homicidal, it's because I am.	This has been a bad week. If you see me today and I look homicidal, it's because I am.	0
Anyone that sees me from now on today, I feel sorry for you. Moody Tired	Anyone that sees me from now on today, I feel sorry for you. Moody Tired	0
i am so over this job right nowi just want to be home to take care of things. aggravated pissed frustrated	i am so over this job right nowi just want to be home to take care of things. aggravated pissed frustrated	0
Crying reading all of these tweets of people leaving for fall break when I still have so long and so much to get through	Crying reading all of these tweets of people leaving for fall break when I still have so long and so much to get through	0
I can't even focus on my homework. Lets hope I don't do anything wrong in clinicals. distracted	I can't even focus on my homework. Lets hope I don't do anything wrong in clinicals. distracted	0
I hate when all my plans get fucked up and I gotta reschedule and re plan all kinds of stuff	I hate when all my plans get fucked up and I gotta reschedule and re plan all kinds of stuff	0
as to have the worst customer services EVER!! 6 months later my dad's issue is still not resolved! badservice	as to have the worst customer services EVER!! 6 months later my dad's issue is still not resolved! badservice	0
I will never leave a 60% assignment till the night before its due ever again!!	I will never leave a 60% assignment till the night before its due ever again!!	0
When your name is Sylvan Needham and you skip an Aggie game because you have too much homework, you know something is wrong.	When your name is Sylvan Needham and you skip an Aggie game because you have too much homework, you know something is wrong.	0
All this week is studying for exams and Im and feel so behind when its only Tuesday	All this week is studying for exams and Im and feel so behind when its only Tuesday	0
I hate days off when you have nothing to do and alone Bored NothingToDo Meh	I hate days off when you have nothing to do and alone Bored NothingToDo Meh	0
Being up this early in order to study my butt off for the two tests I have at 5 is not okay.	Being up this early in order to study my butt off for the two tests I have at 5 is not okay.	0
Within the last 24 hours my house was broken into aaaand my BF was admitted into the hospital while working in Texas.	Within the last 24 hours my house was broken into aaaand my BF was admitted into the hospital while working in Texas.	0
Uni is joking with amount of workload :/ up to date with school stuff but uni can take a seat nd wait for me to give a fck	Uni is joking with amount of workload :/ up to date with school stuff but uni can take a seat nd wait for me to give a fck	0
Fed up of not working probably! Yet another night of unplugging and plugging back in to get it working! Outdated technology for ever increasing prices!	Fed up of not working probably! Yet another night of unplugging and plugging back in to get it working! Outdated technology for ever increasing prices!	0
Two out of my five of my makeup appts cancelled for tomorrow but honestly I'm not even upset. I have so much to do before Kenya..	Two out of my five of my makeup appts cancelled for tomorrow but honestly I'm not even upset. I have so much to do before Kenya..	0
Sitting in the doctors office when some nutcase decides to stand directly on my broken foot stillgoodthough	Sitting in the doctors office when some nutcase decides to stand directly on my broken foot stillgoodthough	0
You can tell which students are in capstone because they are the only seniors left that are having mental break downs	You can tell which students are in capstone because they are the only seniors left that are having mental break downs	0
Makeup work in all 3 classes plus a take home test. All bc of the stupid dentist. Just yayy.  byebyesociallife	Makeup work in all 3 classes plus a take home test. All bc of the stupid dentist. Just yayy.  byebyesociallife	0
I have test every single day of the week except Friday like is this exam week don't think so teachers fuckoff	I have test every single day of the week except Friday like is this exam week don't think so teachers fuckoff	0
Why do I always get the shitty end of the deal So beyond sick of it	Why do I always get the shitty end of the deal So beyond sick of it	0
Getting my rib cage tattooed was like getting a massage compared to this insane neck pain.	Getting my rib cage tattooed was like getting a massage compared to this insane neck pain.	0
Woke up late this morning so that's how the rest of my day is gunna be	Woke up late this morning so that's how the rest of my day is gunna be	0
I hate payday being at the end of the month!! I need a night out now!! paydayneedstohurrryup needadrink	I hate payday being at the end of the month!! I need a night out now!! paydayneedstohurrryup needadrink	0
my life right now <;<;<;<; pissedoff frustrated and no one to even really understand it.	my life right now <;<;<;<; pissedoff frustrated and no one to even really understand it.	0
I actually think I'm sick right now from me caring too much about the little things.	I actually think I'm sick right now from me caring too much about the little things.	0
Lately your just putting me Off , start to think your having a baby In 5 months	Lately your just putting me Off , start to think your having a baby In 5 months	0
I've been that stressed it's made me I'll, when life gets that bad; running away comes to mind	I've been that stressed it's made me I'll, when life gets that bad; running away comes to mind	0
Need Something Ta Help Me Relieve All Or At Least Some Of This Pain. Smh GOD,!	Need Something Ta Help Me Relieve All Or At Least Some Of This Pain. Smh GOD,!	0
Usually I have Monday to look forward to the Bachelor, but with so much on my mind, I just can't get in the zone needanap	Usually I have Monday to look forward to the Bachelor, but with so much on my mind, I just can't get in the zone needanap	0
please help. 3.5 yr son is toilet trained for wee, but refuses to do no 2 in toilet. He'll be standing next to it refuse	please help. 3.5 yr son is toilet trained for wee, but refuses to do no 2 in toilet. He'll be standing next to it refuse	0
Back from vacation for about a week and a half and it's Like i never even went.	Back from vacation for about a week and a half and it's Like i never even went.	0
Horsebox broken and suppose to be going to for 5 days this Thursday  Hope it can be fixed by then	Horsebox broken and suppose to be going to for 5 days this Thursday  Hope it can be fixed by then	0
Oh, what's that? The final paper is due four days earlier? No problem, just let me write it with my tears.	Oh, what's that? The final paper is due four days earlier? No problem, just let me write it with my tears.	0
Life is just hard and harder when difficult people are around BC there issue become your problem   stressed	Life is just hard and harder when difficult people are around BC there issue become your problem   stressed	0
I am beyond tired. And mentally exhausted. How tf am I gonna write about a 3 pg paper about the process of research.	I am beyond tired. And mentally exhausted. How tf am I gonna write about a 3 pg paper about the process of research.	0
my sons feed pump is broken yet again..luckily I have a massage tomo specialneeds tubefed gtube	my sons feed pump is broken yet again..luckily I have a massage tomo specialneeds tubefed gtube	0
In costa. there's a kid waving a toy axe around in front of me. have the urge to lodge it firmly in his head.	In costa. there's a kid waving a toy axe around in front of me. have the urge to lodge it firmly in his head.	0
My mind is racing.. today is gonna be a long day I feel it already lupus I wish I could escape this feeling of worry.	My mind is racing.. today is gonna be a long day I feel it already lupus I wish I could escape this feeling of worry.	0
Would moan about my evening being crap, but there are deffo people worse off than I am if you need to go out be safe!	Would moan about my evening being crap, but there are deffo people worse off than I am if you need to go out be safe!	0
Alone in the living room, just arp'ing. It's friggin dark and its too quiet. scared	Alone in the living room, just arp'ing. It's friggin dark and its too quiet. scared	0
I have a presentation on Wednesday and my text is only half as long as I need it to be	I have a presentation on Wednesday and my text is only half as long as I need it to be	0
When your mom says 45 minutes is enough time to study for a big test you have tomorrow wtf weirdo notime	When your mom says 45 minutes is enough time to study for a big test you have tomorrow wtf weirdo notime	0
Im starting to wonder if getting pissed off is a part of my daily routine	Im starting to wonder if getting pissed off is a part of my daily routine	0
Why bother working my butt off at work if we are getting paid partial ?	Why bother working my butt off at work if we are getting paid partial ?	0
huge storm, can't get my snow tires until Friday and I have to drive out into the county early in the morning fuck.	huge storm, can't get my snow tires until Friday and I have to drive out into the county early in the morning fuck.	0
I am slowly losing my mind..  Seriously, someone with such amazing time management skills even I never foresaw all of this.	I am slowly losing my mind..  Seriously, someone with such amazing time management skills even I never foresaw all of this.	0
So the big O are coming to visit us today - it's 3.41am and so far I've had precisely no sleep :/ gonna b a v tough couple of days.	So the big O are coming to visit us today - it's 3.41am and so far I've had precisely no sleep :/ gonna b a v tough couple of days.	0
Didnt get no sleep last night so now im tired. Uggh hope this week go well. NoSleep	Didnt get no sleep last night so now im tired. Uggh hope this week go well. NoSleep	0
Have you ever had a day where it seemed you couldn't do anything right or just had no time at all?	Have you ever had a day where it seemed you couldn't do anything right or just had no time at all?	0
having a very very very horrible day i just want to go home and cry.	having a very very very horrible day i just want to go home and cry.	0
I need to make money ASAP. Like yesterday studentloans poor ASU ASUistakingallmymoney HELP money job	I need to make money ASAP. Like yesterday studentloans poor ASU ASUistakingallmymoney HELP money job	0
Dear Mrs. Dailey Just because you can assign us homework during finals week doesn't mean you should	Dear Mrs. Dailey Just because you can assign us homework during finals week doesn't mean you should	0
Just ate 3 servings of sour gummy worms and salt and vinegar chips Must be dead week again	Just ate 3 servings of sour gummy worms and salt and vinegar chips Must be dead week again	0
My mom sent me a text message earlier that made me cry y'all and I've been in a bad mood ever since	My mom sent me a text message earlier that made me cry y'all and I've been in a bad mood ever since	0
I hate writing with a passion. I have a huge essay due Friday and I dont even know where to start	I hate writing with a passion. I have a huge essay due Friday and I dont even know where to start	0
Thought I was going to enjoy spring break a lot until I realized big macs aren't one dollar at the McDonalds at home  Dom sad	Thought I was going to enjoy spring break a lot until I realized big macs aren't one dollar at the McDonalds at home  Dom sad	0
I have a love hate relationship with my major. Right now I really hate it.	I have a love hate relationship with my major. Right now I really hate it.	0
I'm not dead, just busy with moving! Sorry if I missed any of your messages and/or posts, I'll try to make up for it soon	I'm not dead, just busy with moving! Sorry if I missed any of your messages and/or posts, I'll try to make up for it soon	0
Suprise date tonight, am currently wearing jumper (not baggy), jeans (baggy) and Docs, do it go change? Also currently no make	Suprise date tonight, am currently wearing jumper (not baggy), jeans (baggy) and Docs, do it go change? Also currently no make	0
Can't wait for my weekend off work! I need the break! Over worked myself this last 3 months :(?! exhausted	Can't wait for my weekend off work! I need the break! Over worked myself this last 3 months :(?! exhausted	0
I need a punching bag to take my anger out on instead of you imsorrybabe upset nobodytalktome	I need a punching bag to take my anger out on instead of you imsorrybabe upset nobodytalktome	0
Bed ready for me 6am till 8pm day tommorow to earn next to nothing !	Bed ready for me 6am till 8pm day tommorow to earn next to nothing !	0
What are you gonna do in Holland and is it in the evening bc I've got my graduation ceremony then :( !	What are you gonna do in Holland and is it in the evening bc I've got my graduation ceremony then :( !	0
Hate the fact that I have to work all night instead of studying for finals.	Hate the fact that I have to work all night instead of studying for finals.	0
Made and printed a load of CVS last night and handing them out Saturday, someone plz give me a job.	Made and printed a load of CVS last night and handing them out Saturday, someone plz give me a job.	0
Wtf did i do to myself? I thought it would let me feel better when I help someone. I just feel worse..	Wtf did i do to myself? I thought it would let me feel better when I help someone. I just feel worse..	0
When you try to nap but end up thinking about how you might have been secret shopped and you kinda feel like walking out.	When you try to nap but end up thinking about how you might have been secret shopped and you kinda feel like walking out.	0
Wish I could sleep! Random question but does loft insulation contain glass fibres? In bed itching in pain! helpme	Wish I could sleep! Random question but does loft insulation contain glass fibres? In bed itching in pain! helpme	0
There's so much pressure behind throwing a housewarming party but what it really comes down to is what types of dip will there be.	There's so much pressure behind throwing a housewarming party but what it really comes down to is what types of dip will there be.	0
Can't wait to get my truck on the road and life to just slow down a lol bit tired	Can't wait to get my truck on the road and life to just slow down a lol bit tired	0
I feel like I catch myself up on homework then they turn around and add 10 more things to that assignment! -_-	I feel like I catch myself up on homework then they turn around and add 10 more things to that assignment! -_-	0
May i dismay u? Cnt be with u at DINAGYANG am staying home. Enjoy the time! Am much :(	May i dismay u? Cnt be with u at DINAGYANG am staying home. Enjoy the time! Am much :(	0
How does one gain back the weight they didn't try to lose when they have no appetite cuz of this stupid medication !?	How does one gain back the weight they didn't try to lose when they have no appetite cuz of this stupid medication !?	0
I thought the stress levels would decrease after graduation. Turns out preparing to take the boards is far worse! nclex	I thought the stress levels would decrease after graduation. Turns out preparing to take the boards is far worse! nclex	0
someone contact me in regards to changing my holiday. Why can't I just speak to someone?	someone contact me in regards to changing my holiday. Why can't I just speak to someone?	0
It's impossible at the weekend with all the tube closures. 4 trains and a bus. I would be better off in a cab. tfl london	It's impossible at the weekend with all the tube closures. 4 trains and a bus. I would be better off in a cab. tfl london	0
It's so hard to find a pet friendly house to rent. And we need to be out end of the month. So we might be homeless :-/	It's so hard to find a pet friendly house to rent. And we need to be out end of the month. So we might be homeless :-/	0
Found out two different subjects cw deadlines are NEXT WEEK and the amount of work I still have to do is ridiculous	Found out two different subjects cw deadlines are NEXT WEEK and the amount of work I still have to do is ridiculous	0
Edin-London - good thing: train on time  Not so good thing - No power in coach M meant very stressful 1st part of trip (not1stclass at all) .Staff helpful but took till Newcastle to work out not going to be any power .Changed coach - what fun.	Edin-London - good thing: train on time  Not so good thing - No power in coach M meant very stressful 1st part of trip (not1stclass at all) .Staff helpful but took till Newcastle to work out not going to be any power .Changed coach - what fun.	0
Its really hard not to think! I hope all is well and I over come this anxiety!	Its really hard not to think! I hope all is well and I over come this anxiety!	0
pretty much just found out I need to get a second job for the summer	pretty much just found out I need to get a second job for the summer	0
Why did TOM have to come visit this week?! Seriously, it's finals week and "he" is making this worse!	Why did TOM have to come visit this week?! Seriously, it's finals week and "he" is making this worse!	0
To everyone who says teaching is easy, you lie!! Lesson planning will be the death of me!	To everyone who says teaching is easy, you lie!! Lesson planning will be the death of me!	0
Bad mood 2day an snappy an grumpy towards everything for no apparent reason :/ whats happenin to me badday	Bad mood 2day an snappy an grumpy towards everything for no apparent reason :/ whats happenin to me badday	0
When your trying to prepare for your little ones arrival and ANOTHER part of furniture units has missing parts and a completely wrong box!! sofrustrated dissapointed	When your trying to prepare for your little ones arrival and ANOTHER part of furniture units has missing parts and a completely wrong box!! sofrustrated dissapointed	0
Massively disappointed with EE mobile, it's all about targets&sales where's the trusted customer service gone? mugg	Massively disappointed with EE mobile, it's all about targets&sales where's the trusted customer service gone? mugg	0
Sometimes I feel it would help to be a really cocky person when bad times come..maybe I wouldn't lose confidence then?? Confused	Sometimes I feel it would help to be a really cocky person when bad times come..maybe I wouldn't lose confidence then?? Confused	0
I am losing it watching the season finale of TheWalkingDead - and I know it's going to get worse before the end	I am losing it watching the season finale of TheWalkingDead - and I know it's going to get worse before the end	0
almost time to go homethen to cook dinner and bed! gotta be up at 6am for workugh! longweekahead cantitbefriday tired	almost time to go homethen to cook dinner and bed! gotta be up at 6am for workugh! longweekahead cantitbefriday tired	0
I've had a real crap day, horrible from the first minute to the last. knackered donein	I've had a real crap day, horrible from the first minute to the last. knackered donein	0
Sometimes you have to make the hard choices in life, not the easy one but the hard ones.	Sometimes you have to make the hard choices in life, not the easy one but the hard ones.	0
how to tell I'm stressed: took my hair down for the night and after running fingers through, pulled a glob of hair out	how to tell I'm stressed: took my hair down for the night and after running fingers through, pulled a glob of hair out	0
Serve me right for letting alawi take long naps todaya babbling baby at 1am is a nooo no :( sleepy	Serve me right for letting alawi take long naps todaya babbling baby at 1am is a nooo no :( sleepy	0
I don't like it when people get annoyed with me and don't tell me why. I want to fix the problems I have	I don't like it when people get annoyed with me and don't tell me why. I want to fix the problems I have	0
My life needs to get back on track to how it used to be. I'm sick of the one I'm living now	My life needs to get back on track to how it used to be. I'm sick of the one I'm living now	0
Got 2 homeworks due in tomorrow and need to wash and straighten my hair before 11 but not even home yet	Got 2 homeworks due in tomorrow and need to wash and straighten my hair before 11 but not even home yet	0
That moment when your so mad and contrary with the world and don't know why !! needshelp fuckitall	That moment when your so mad and contrary with the world and don't know why !! needshelp fuckitall	0
I'm tired, sad and depressed and every other negative feeling and emotion :/ hateLC cantwaitforjune20th imgonnahitsomeone	I'm tired, sad and depressed and every other negative feeling and emotion :/ hateLC cantwaitforjune20th imgonnahitsomeone	0
Research the company What fucking company it doesn't give me a company no point in it	Research the company What fucking company it doesn't give me a company no point in it	0
So much catching up to do with so little time and energy to do it.	So much catching up to do with so little time and energy to do it.	0
Anyone fancy whisking me away so I don't have to do my exams? No? I didn't think so :(	Anyone fancy whisking me away so I don't have to do my exams? No? I didn't think so :(	0
Finished Catching Fire and ended taking such a turn :'( It was not supposed to be that way and just no its wrong :-(	Finished Catching Fire and ended taking such a turn :'( It was not supposed to be that way and just no its wrong :-(	0
2:30 am and still can't sleep.. Thinking sunrise and boardwalk run in a few hours	2:30 am and still can't sleep.. Thinking sunrise and boardwalk run in a few hours	0
All night at the library studying for my 9:30 am final. Senior year is dumb AF.	All night at the library studying for my 9:30 am final. Senior year is dumb AF.	0
I will be without sleep tonight stressed midtermsmonday good luck to everyone that sees me tomorrow at school	I will be without sleep tonight stressed midtermsmonday good luck to everyone that sees me tomorrow at school	0
I haven't written anything undeserving of being spit on in so long I've never been so uninspired I want to cry STRESSED	I haven't written anything undeserving of being spit on in so long I've never been so uninspired I want to cry STRESSED	0
This really isn't my day. Got on the wrong train. For god sake. I need to be somewhere! AboutToCryInPublic :(	This really isn't my day. Got on the wrong train. For god sake. I need to be somewhere! AboutToCryInPublic :(	0
I feel like my heads going to explode with all the thinking about everything Ive been doing lately. Ugh.	I feel like my heads going to explode with all the thinking about everything Ive been doing lately. Ugh.	0
Why do we have to do science I'm not planning on being a bloody astronaut ffs	Why do we have to do science I'm not planning on being a bloody astronaut ffs	0
Realizing a paper you have to do is 5 pages single spaced rather than double	Realizing a paper you have to do is 5 pages single spaced rather than double	0
Life's Like A Maze Getting Lost Or Going In The Wrong Directions To Get To Your Goal! Lost Fucked Life Can'tSleep	Life's Like A Maze Getting Lost Or Going In The Wrong Directions To Get To Your Goal! Lost Fucked Life Can'tSleep	0
Jealous of the people in post secondary who don't write at least 1 test worth 15-20% a week	Jealous of the people in post secondary who don't write at least 1 test worth 15-20% a week	0
Thinking about all the work I have to do in the next few days makes me want to cry	Thinking about all the work I have to do in the next few days makes me want to cry	0
Someone take me to the clay pot :( and do my homework for me as well.	Someone take me to the clay pot :( and do my homework for me as well.	0
If I don't get everything I need whilst shopping today I'm going to spend the entire week crying in a corner.	If I don't get everything I need whilst shopping today I'm going to spend the entire week crying in a corner.	0
I seriously just need to be in Florida already with a drink in my hand.	I seriously just need to be in Florida already with a drink in my hand.	0
I miss my big brother  kinda fucked when your dad and him don't get along so you can't see him.	I miss my big brother  kinda fucked when your dad and him don't get along so you can't see him.	0
Why must I have to take all these hard classes when I won't even use them for my major?	Why must I have to take all these hard classes when I won't even use them for my major?	0
This rubbish weather getting you down? Pop in for a stress relieving 'ManMade Shave'. Marylebone	This rubbish weather getting you down? Pop in for a stress relieving 'ManMade Shave'. Marylebone	0
Is anyone doing a paypalgiveaway rn I desperately need $20 rn or if anyone is feeling generous enough to send me some money. It would be greatly appreciated pleasehelpme sad	Is anyone doing a paypalgiveaway rn I desperately need $20 rn or if anyone is feeling generous enough to send me some money. It would be greatly appreciated pleasehelpme sad	0
We have cops in the store at least once a week. This time a belligerent drunk guy was yelling at us and saying we banged his wife.	We have cops in the store at least once a week. This time a belligerent drunk guy was yelling at us and saying we banged his wife.	0
It'll be a miracle if I make it through these next couple days without a mental breakdown	It'll be a miracle if I make it through these next couple days without a mental breakdown	0
How was your night? Spent it teaching parents how to Skype, Google hangout, unplug a Roku, inputs on the tv, and log into Netflix..	How was your night? Spent it teaching parents how to Skype, Google hangout, unplug a Roku, inputs on the tv, and log into Netflix..	0
Sometimes I would like to just go on a six month holiday away from all shit!!! stressed	Sometimes I would like to just go on a six month holiday away from all shit!!! stressed	0
It's 6:33 and it feels like midnight ready for dinner and bed. NO MORE SCHOOL WORK! ew why	It's 6:33 and it feels like midnight ready for dinner and bed. NO MORE SCHOOL WORK! ew why	0
Is it wrong to ask if I picked the wrong major 2.5 yrs into college? Community Development is REALLY making me hate it. annoyed	Is it wrong to ask if I picked the wrong major 2.5 yrs into college? Community Development is REALLY making me hate it. annoyed	0
It's pretty tragic when you can only reach midweek before needing a drink!! longday needit	It's pretty tragic when you can only reach midweek before needing a drink!! longday needit	0
I thought I was done with having problems with other girls. Guess I was wrong.	I thought I was done with having problems with other girls. Guess I was wrong.	0
hearing all this bad news just a few days before finals is just what i needed	hearing all this bad news just a few days before finals is just what i needed	0
Guess when you help some one out so much, they think they can't return the favor just once annoyed pissed	Guess when you help some one out so much, they think they can't return the favor just once annoyed pissed	0
It's only Tuesday and it's hell week already. And I thought last week was bad. CollegeProbz	It's only Tuesday and it's hell week already. And I thought last week was bad. CollegeProbz	0
Was in a course all day and now I'm tired and grumpy and nervous about my exam results and fuck, how did I survive going to college twice?!! oldbrain	Was in a course all day and now I'm tired and grumpy and nervous about my exam results and fuck, how did I survive going to college twice?!! oldbrain	0
That annoying moment, when you realise your mums not at home so you have to do the cooking !!	That annoying moment, when you realise your mums not at home so you have to do the cooking !!	0
It's so scary living on this planet knowing we are destroying it in every way and in the end destroying ourselves	It's so scary living on this planet knowing we are destroying it in every way and in the end destroying ourselves	0
5-6 page paper in English, chapter 8 vocab and packet in U.S. history, and Algebra 2 all due Wednesday. We'll see how that goes	5-6 page paper in English, chapter 8 vocab and packet in U.S. history, and Algebra 2 all due Wednesday. We'll see how that goes	0
All I ask Just once in my life can everything go right. Be highly appreciated.	All I ask Just once in my life can everything go right. Be highly appreciated.	0
Going to Ibiza in 2 half weeks, Christies birthday then mine, can't drink for none of them fuckedof dontderservethis	Going to Ibiza in 2 half weeks, Christies birthday then mine, can't drink for none of them fuckedof dontderservethis	0
not processing the fact that im going to the airport in 3 hours weird toofast cantdeal	not processing the fact that im going to the airport in 3 hours weird toofast cantdeal	0
I'm so freaking hungry I'm about to go on a hypoglycemic rant over this heat game!!!	I'm so freaking hungry I'm about to go on a hypoglycemic rant over this heat game!!!	0
This project is taking me forever! Plus I haven't studied for my test tomorrow. Tired and	This project is taking me forever! Plus I haven't studied for my test tomorrow. Tired and	0
The marks i don't care about are posted right away, but the one i really want is taking forever! stupid teacher post the marks!	The marks i don't care about are posted right away, but the one i really want is taking forever! stupid teacher post the marks!	0
I'm struggling to make my dreams be a reality, while you're over there sitting pretty. YoureWelcome	I'm struggling to make my dreams be a reality, while you're over there sitting pretty. YoureWelcome	0
Tired so much on my mind been on the go all day.. So sleepy but can't sleep! Want to relax but can't	Tired so much on my mind been on the go all day.. So sleepy but can't sleep! Want to relax but can't	0
not in the mood for anything. every little thing is stressing me out. sick of it.	not in the mood for anything. every little thing is stressing me out. sick of it.	0
I could really use some prayers my way its been 2 months nd still no work. Im starting to freak out. frustrated	I could really use some prayers my way its been 2 months nd still no work. Im starting to freak out. frustrated	0
just took my bio final , lord have mercy and let me get a good grade in that class	just took my bio final , lord have mercy and let me get a good grade in that class	0
The nature of individual is determined by what thoughts he or she holds for a long time." MaxKirsten	The nature of individual is determined by what thoughts he or she holds for a long time." MaxKirsten	0
I'm already at the point of crying doing this assignment, why do I do this to myself	I'm already at the point of crying doing this assignment, why do I do this to myself	0
wtf ! Why so late ?? Why didn't you just stay ?? You home ? no lmao my mother was there Smh ugh	wtf ! Why so late ?? Why didn't you just stay ?? You home ? no lmao my mother was there Smh ugh	0
been watching Olivia for 3 days straight now I take back every last word iv says about wanting a baby toomuchwork	been watching Olivia for 3 days straight now I take back every last word iv says about wanting a baby toomuchwork	0
I don't know who I am anymore and I just got to get my life together and figure out everything!	I don't know who I am anymore and I just got to get my life together and figure out everything!	0
Oo yeah, Monday is going to be tough with OkadaBan however, imagine trekking to church (Long Distance).	Oo yeah, Monday is going to be tough with OkadaBan however, imagine trekking to church (Long Distance).	0
1000 word reflection due in tomorrow and I'm only starting now  why do I always leave things last minute	1000 word reflection due in tomorrow and I'm only starting now  why do I always leave things last minute	0
10 symptoms of adrenal fatigue and how to help restore your adrenal levels. A good read if you feel stressed	10 symptoms of adrenal fatigue and how to help restore your adrenal levels. A good read if you feel stressed	0
Why must my vocal chords decide to be stupid now?!? Regionals are just around the corner!	Why must my vocal chords decide to be stupid now?!? Regionals are just around the corner!	0
the test i just took was ridiculous and i have to take another one in 5 minutes. Respiratory school will be death of	the test i just took was ridiculous and i have to take another one in 5 minutes. Respiratory school will be death of	0
Seems as if ill never be good enough.even things I don't mean to do wrong!	Seems as if ill never be good enough.even things I don't mean to do wrong!	0
It's barely 7:30 an I'm ready to knock the fuck out. This is the life of a overwhelmed college student. OverSchool	It's barely 7:30 an I'm ready to knock the fuck out. This is the life of a overwhelmed college student. OverSchool	0
Im so annoyed how I can't use windows moviemaker. It sounds so easy. Well not for me :/	Im so annoyed how I can't use windows moviemaker. It sounds so easy. Well not for me :/	0
Why are people so annoying? Can't wait to go to cheer and get this off my mind.	Why are people so annoying? Can't wait to go to cheer and get this off my mind.	0
Exams are stressing me out.. I am so far behind in everything and I have no clue what I'm doing.. Stupid exams..	Exams are stressing me out.. I am so far behind in everything and I have no clue what I'm doing.. Stupid exams..	0
I just want this year to be over with. I loved it and now I hate it with a passion. I can't handle it anymore.	I just want this year to be over with. I loved it and now I hate it with a passion. I can't handle it anymore.	0
Think im gonna take a late night backroadin trip! I need to get stuff off my mind!	Think im gonna take a late night backroadin trip! I need to get stuff off my mind!	0
This week has been hell, and doesn't look like it's going to get any better ! sad mad	This week has been hell, and doesn't look like it's going to get any better ! sad mad	0
Why do I have to do so much homework for co-op? I already work my ass off all day! Why must I do homework too?  fml	Why do I have to do so much homework for co-op? I already work my ass off all day! Why must I do homework too?  fml	0
I've had so little time to prep for all my tests and finish my homework due this week	I've had so little time to prep for all my tests and finish my homework due this week	0
Are you suffering from hair loss, thinning, or balding? balding Cancer thinning stressed barbers hairdressers	Are you suffering from hair loss, thinning, or balding? balding Cancer thinning stressed barbers hairdressers	0
It's going to be one of those nights where I am exhausted but my brain won't shut off sleepy	It's going to be one of those nights where I am exhausted but my brain won't shut off sleepy	0
If you saw me re-park my Jeep 6 times before getting out , no you didnt . shortgirlproblems	If you saw me re-park my Jeep 6 times before getting out , no you didnt . shortgirlproblems	0
Did u know why ur eatin icecream, cookie nd candy when ur stressed? Because in the other side is desserts	Did u know why ur eatin icecream, cookie nd candy when ur stressed? Because in the other side is desserts	0
Haven't been in a bad mood like this for a long time Literally wanna rip my hair out!!	Haven't been in a bad mood like this for a long time Literally wanna rip my hair out!!	0
Hate how I get home from work have an hour to chill then have to go to class toooomuch	Hate how I get home from work have an hour to chill then have to go to class toooomuch	0
I have to wear a swimsuit Saturday and I'm totally not ready for that at all	I have to wear a swimsuit Saturday and I'm totally not ready for that at all	0
So no kidney infection but this ear infection is horrible. Havent had one since I was little and forgot how painful they are!! On top of that annoying bc I cant freaking hear! pissed	So no kidney infection but this ear infection is horrible. Havent had one since I was little and forgot how painful they are!! On top of that annoying bc I cant freaking hear! pissed	0
I don't know why I keep checking my bank account. I am still negative a shitload of money until who knows when.	I don't know why I keep checking my bank account. I am still negative a shitload of money until who knows when.	0
i hope ms. costley emails me back. i really need the rubric for this project.	i hope ms. costley emails me back. i really need the rubric for this project.	0
Need to find typhoid tablets in the next 3 days due to a totally incompetent GP notimpressed	Need to find typhoid tablets in the next 3 days due to a totally incompetent GP notimpressed	0
Just wrote a 1000 word rant note, and feel completely exhausted right now. Time to sleep before work.	Just wrote a 1000 word rant note, and feel completely exhausted right now. Time to sleep before work.	0
I think it's pretty sad that the highlight of my weekend is going to be going to the gym. hateexams	I think it's pretty sad that the highlight of my weekend is going to be going to the gym. hateexams	0
I usually wouldn't be so upset, but I'm appearing at tomorrow AM and everything is in there. LostLuggage :(	I usually wouldn't be so upset, but I'm appearing at tomorrow AM and everything is in there. LostLuggage :(	0
We got all these new weird ass, old, white ladies. They got me working with a fuckin spaz. .	We got all these new weird ass, old, white ladies. They got me working with a fuckin spaz. .	0
Time to retire for the night. The personal break off of school is over so I need to get ready for tomorrow. tired	Time to retire for the night. The personal break off of school is over so I need to get ready for tomorrow. tired	0
Ever feel like that the minute people walk into work they just become brain dead and complete idiots	Ever feel like that the minute people walk into work they just become brain dead and complete idiots	0
Guess the stress has been taking over me like wow I forgot to post b.5 of the sequence I am working on will do a couple of posts as soon as Im back home wrecked tired	Guess the stress has been taking over me like wow I forgot to post b.5 of the sequence I am working on will do a couple of posts as soon as Im back home wrecked tired	0
I do everything i possible can to raise my grades and they never seem to go up. annoyed	I do everything i possible can to raise my grades and they never seem to go up. annoyed	0
Wish I'd have stayed at home a little longer than just one hour stupid uniwork	Wish I'd have stayed at home a little longer than just one hour stupid uniwork	0
If i ever find the man ( and it has to be a man ) who designed this flat pack furniture then i seriously may resort to murder !	If i ever find the man ( and it has to be a man ) who designed this flat pack furniture then i seriously may resort to murder !	0
starting day 1/4 of my OB clinicals tomorrow. Oh and 2 tests tomorrow. Oh and 10hour days. tired nursingschool	starting day 1/4 of my OB clinicals tomorrow. Oh and 2 tests tomorrow. Oh and 10hour days. tired nursingschool	0
I've come to realize that I'm probably not going to the gym until exams are over anxiety stressed" Do U even lift bro?	I've come to realize that I'm probably not going to the gym until exams are over anxiety stressed" Do U even lift bro?	0
Ridiculous how much we are expected to know for these exams! Get me back to being an undergraduate! law	Ridiculous how much we are expected to know for these exams! Get me back to being an undergraduate! law	0
I wish I had a special someone to rub my back and my feet they are killing me.. exhausted sore	I wish I had a special someone to rub my back and my feet they are killing me.. exhausted sore	0
My paycheck is smaller but the inaguration party is getting bigger? Whats wrong w/ this pic? mommyblues	My paycheck is smaller but the inaguration party is getting bigger? Whats wrong w/ this pic? mommyblues	0
Seriously dont know why bother delivering leaflets to my street, or my village. they refuse to deliver here!!! Sick to death of it to be fair. Yet theyll deliver in the next village over.	Seriously dont know why bother delivering leaflets to my street, or my village. they refuse to deliver here!!! Sick to death of it to be fair. Yet theyll deliver in the next village over.	0
so weird working full time and having to check and book things off with only 5 weeks of freedom in a diary before you can do owt	so weird working full time and having to check and book things off with only 5 weeks of freedom in a diary before you can do owt	0
Staying at the school until 10:00 p.m. on Thursday to finish this yearbook But at least we get Chipotle for dinner.	Staying at the school until 10:00 p.m. on Thursday to finish this yearbook But at least we get Chipotle for dinner.	0
Me and my brother are sitting in a room of silence rn bc he can't handle watching the bama game hahahah	Me and my brother are sitting in a room of silence rn bc he can't handle watching the bama game hahahah	0
I got a tough day tomorrow guys! Off block, APES, PE tennis, and Dual which we don't have.	I got a tough day tomorrow guys! Off block, APES, PE tennis, and Dual which we don't have.	0
It's the most annoying thing when someone cancels on you last minute! Now I have no videographer for my interview tomorrow!	It's the most annoying thing when someone cancels on you last minute! Now I have no videographer for my interview tomorrow!	0
Calculator portion of the Pre Calc test Done now the hard part the non calculator portion ThisIsGonnaSuck	Calculator portion of the Pre Calc test Done now the hard part the non calculator portion ThisIsGonnaSuck	0
4hours later and still in hospital..anyone who knows me know I hate hospitals plus doesn't help having a needle stuck in me :'(	4hours later and still in hospital..anyone who knows me know I hate hospitals plus doesn't help having a needle stuck in me :'(	0
I have more crap to do in the next 6 weeks for nursing then I did in my first 3 years of college	I have more crap to do in the next 6 weeks for nursing then I did in my first 3 years of college	0
I'm not tryna be that S word cuz that means its the end but iknoe we tired of being that S word that got Ed at the end Forreal	I'm not tryna be that S word cuz that means its the end but iknoe we tired of being that S word that got Ed at the end Forreal	0
3 400 word papers, a midterm and 2 homework assignments due Friday. My criminal law professor hates us.	3 400 word papers, a midterm and 2 homework assignments due Friday. My criminal law professor hates us.	0
So much thinking was done about my future in the past two hours . MoreToCome	So much thinking was done about my future in the past two hours . MoreToCome	0
People have selective hearing. They deny what they don't like and hear what suits them. overit annoyed takeyourklonopin lunatics	People have selective hearing. They deny what they don't like and hear what suits them. overit annoyed takeyourklonopin lunatics	0
I hate it when I see something I might need sometime soon putt it somewhere I will remember it and then forgot	I hate it when I see something I might need sometime soon putt it somewhere I will remember it and then forgot	0
its hard to staying together with someone whos not giving corporate with. whos do not love to clean up, dispersed and love being like a boss!	its hard to staying together with someone whos not giving corporate with. whos do not love to clean up, dispersed and love being like a boss!	0
I need a bestfriend. Its hard being alone. It effects me 24\7. imissyou lonely .	I need a bestfriend. Its hard being alone. It effects me 24\7. imissyou lonely .	0
Completely and utterly lacking in any kind of motivation today. Cannot see the point at all.	Completely and utterly lacking in any kind of motivation today. Cannot see the point at all.	0
Really feel like a run! Don't know if my knees can handle it.. feeling frustrated	Really feel like a run! Don't know if my knees can handle it.. feeling frustrated	0
Please call 01389298225 for all enquiries / emergencies due to a phone line issue and leave a voicemail	Please call 01389298225 for all enquiries / emergencies due to a phone line issue and leave a voicemail	0
I don't know what's wrong today. I'm stressed and could just really use a hug sad	I don't know what's wrong today. I'm stressed and could just really use a hug sad	0
I have no one to blame but myself for how I feel right now, but I just want this day to be over stressed	I have no one to blame but myself for how I feel right now, but I just want this day to be over stressed	0
I hate how situations take a turn for the worse There is no 'it gets better' BS. It is what it is and I have no other choice. stressed	I hate how situations take a turn for the worse There is no 'it gets better' BS. It is what it is and I have no other choice. stressed	0
i just wanna go away for a while, Go move in with my uncle in north carolina, forget about everything and everyone sad	i just wanna go away for a while, Go move in with my uncle in north carolina, forget about everything and everyone sad	0
Going to catch up with Towie this afternoon! I fell asleep last night :( overtired	Going to catch up with Towie this afternoon! I fell asleep last night :( overtired	0
Can not sleep!! Starting to be a regular thing n I hate it!! So much on ma mind :(..	Can not sleep!! Starting to be a regular thing n I hate it!! So much on ma mind :(..	0
In a stupidly bad mood. Only halfway through the work day and I've come close to quitting and plotting murder.	In a stupidly bad mood. Only halfway through the work day and I've come close to quitting and plotting murder.	0
Feeling pretty lame cos I'm already in bed and will probably be asleep soon loser	Feeling pretty lame cos I'm already in bed and will probably be asleep soon loser	0
The thought of working 10hour days for the next 6 days is making me wanna be sick	The thought of working 10hour days for the next 6 days is making me wanna be sick	0
Not evem gona lie or joke. If yal believe in God olease pray for me. I seriously need it right now.	Not evem gona lie or joke. If yal believe in God olease pray for me. I seriously need it right now.	0
This week has been something else smh can't wait for Saturday to wind down and turn up. Is it 430 yet? I WANNA CLOCK OUT NOW!!!!	This week has been something else smh can't wait for Saturday to wind down and turn up. Is it 430 yet? I WANNA CLOCK OUT NOW!!!!	0
I wish I could remember what it's like to go to bed before 1 or 2 am.	I wish I could remember what it's like to go to bed before 1 or 2 am.	0
Done gave myself a headache with all this crying && I'm wasting toilet paper,, getting myself together	Done gave myself a headache with all this crying && I'm wasting toilet paper,, getting myself together	0
Can't explain how much I hate uni! Why did I ever decide to go. I am to retarded to be there! essaywriting	Can't explain how much I hate uni! Why did I ever decide to go. I am to retarded to be there! essaywriting	0
i wish i could just not do the work i missed, this is to much.	i wish i could just not do the work i missed, this is to much.	0
Argh!!! Recruitment system is down so have to print over a 100 applications!! Not how I wanted to spend my Friday! :(	Argh!!! Recruitment system is down so have to print over a 100 applications!! Not how I wanted to spend my Friday! :(	0
Freaking out about the history exam tomorrow, I don't know half of what I should	Freaking out about the history exam tomorrow, I don't know half of what I should	0
So many things to do that are due tomorrow :c Then I'm probably going to fail the geometry and bio test. beenprocrastinating ugh	So many things to do that are due tomorrow :c Then I'm probably going to fail the geometry and bio test. beenprocrastinating ugh	0
I have a economics quiz tomorrow and I haven't even looked at it nor do I know what it's even about.	I have a economics quiz tomorrow and I haven't even looked at it nor do I know what it's even about.	0
You recently asked whatareyoulettingintoyourlife To CAUSE you to become disturbed angry upset Well,the answer is emotions God forbid that we could analyze away Those Pesky Things	You recently asked whatareyoulettingintoyourlife To CAUSE you to become disturbed angry upset Well,the answer is emotions God forbid that we could analyze away Those Pesky Things	0
All da sudden i feel really sick mi somach hurts i wanna throw up ughh :( im so fustraded	All da sudden i feel really sick mi somach hurts i wanna throw up ughh :( im so fustraded	0
Really don't want Christmas to be here, since the fact my dads gonna go apeshit when I don't come over	Really don't want Christmas to be here, since the fact my dads gonna go apeshit when I don't come over	0
I'm to the point I just want to drop all my classes and move home. lazy	I'm to the point I just want to drop all my classes and move home. lazy	0
I have 2 projects due Tuesday. And everyday this week and next week I'm working or I have something going on	I have 2 projects due Tuesday. And everyday this week and next week I'm working or I have something going on	0
and then we found out there was no bathroom on our 8 hour bus panicmode crying	and then we found out there was no bathroom on our 8 hour bus panicmode crying	0
I just want someone to come over with a BIG bag of peanut butter m&ms!!!	I just want someone to come over with a BIG bag of peanut butter m&ms!!!	0
I'm not sure how long I can go on without hanging out with any of my friends. The only means through which I could really de-stress was in the company of strangers and with them. The covid cases keep skyrocketing too. COVID19	I'm not sure how long I can go on without hanging out with any of my friends. The only means through which I could really de-stress was in the company of strangers and with them. The covid cases keep skyrocketing too. COVID19	0
It's finally Friday, there's finals next week, but one thing is missing.. My captain morgs	It's finally Friday, there's finals next week, but one thing is missing.. My captain morgs	0
I hate how teachers give so much work at the end of the year and use "it's not summer yet" as an excuse	I hate how teachers give so much work at the end of the year and use "it's not summer yet" as an excuse	0
I genuinely do not know how I will get this assignment done for friday. Why does it have to be diwali weekend	I genuinely do not know how I will get this assignment done for friday. Why does it have to be diwali weekend	0
Can tell mum hasn't lived with me for a while, she doesn't fold my wires away properly ocd annoying	Can tell mum hasn't lived with me for a while, she doesn't fold my wires away properly ocd annoying	0
I am so effing emotional I have to sell tons of my crap just to pay my remaining bills off. I'm freaking out I tell ya. I need groceries to freaking eat.	I am so effing emotional I have to sell tons of my crap just to pay my remaining bills off. I'm freaking out I tell ya. I need groceries to freaking eat.	0
Hayyyyyy.. I need motivation and inspiration ow positivity that's what i badly need right now	Hayyyyyy.. I need motivation and inspiration ow positivity that's what i badly need right now	0
our flights bkd for July 23 to Lanz and on tracking pport due for issue 22nd-is there a way of having earlier? mum	our flights bkd for July 23 to Lanz and on tracking pport due for issue 22nd-is there a way of having earlier? mum	0
My nails are usually long I never bit them but now they look terrible I ripped them all off	My nails are usually long I never bit them but now they look terrible I ripped them all off	0
I wish I had my car so I could just get in the car and go for a cruise. And jam. Get some thoughts out.	I wish I had my car so I could just get in the car and go for a cruise. And jam. Get some thoughts out.	0
When the internet doesnt work at school and you have a 5 page report due monday with only 2 pages done	When the internet doesnt work at school and you have a 5 page report due monday with only 2 pages done	0
It feels like someone's tightening a necktie way too tight against the front of my throat. Worried immensely.	It feels like someone's tightening a necktie way too tight against the front of my throat. Worried immensely.	0
Ugh! I've been thinkin a lot of things lately. Oh puhleeeaassee! Cut me some slack. I seriously need a break from everything!	Ugh! I've been thinkin a lot of things lately. Oh puhleeeaassee! Cut me some slack. I seriously need a break from everything!	0
My head feels like it's going to explode and my heart feels like it's in a million little pieces.	My head feels like it's going to explode and my heart feels like it's in a million little pieces.	0
The fact soccer has been my stress reliever for the past 5 years and now I can't even do that.	The fact soccer has been my stress reliever for the past 5 years and now I can't even do that.	0
I would wake up the morning of my two finals and feel like complete crap. = sick	I would wake up the morning of my two finals and feel like complete crap. = sick	0
I cannot wait until 11 am ill finish my last hour in school and some of this stress will be gone cantwait	I cannot wait until 11 am ill finish my last hour in school and some of this stress will be gone cantwait	0
not going to school because these kids are threatening to shoot it the fuck up but idk what's worse getting shot or missing school	not going to school because these kids are threatening to shoot it the fuck up but idk what's worse getting shot or missing school	0
4 tests in the next 3 days. I didn't realize it was exam week already	4 tests in the next 3 days. I didn't realize it was exam week already	0
Bad day ready to hurt some people but ready to go on a mini road trip with	Bad day ready to hurt some people but ready to go on a mini road trip with	0
I worked for three years and to this day when I wear red& khakis I panic and think that Im late for work	I worked for three years and to this day when I wear red& khakis I panic and think that Im late for work	0
Stress is the killer of dreams. No really, I'd love to sleep and dream a little, but im way to stressed.	Stress is the killer of dreams. No really, I'd love to sleep and dream a little, but im way to stressed.	0
Why does everything have to go wrong, life sucks when i can never do anything right, i just mess everything up 24/7	Why does everything have to go wrong, life sucks when i can never do anything right, i just mess everything up 24/7	0
I feel like I spend so much time on other peoples problems that there is no time left for me	I feel like I spend so much time on other peoples problems that there is no time left for me	0
Everybody is all hype to go home for break and I'm sitting here like.HOME?! stressed drama myfave	Everybody is all hype to go home for break and I'm sitting here like.HOME?! stressed drama myfave	0
Maybe if the world ends tomorrow it won't be so bad. At least I won't have to finish UCAS by tomorrow and take my theory	Maybe if the world ends tomorrow it won't be so bad. At least I won't have to finish UCAS by tomorrow and take my theory	0
UGHdo you ever just wanna punch something because you mess your nails up so bad you don't even know what to do.	UGHdo you ever just wanna punch something because you mess your nails up so bad you don't even know what to do.	0
Sat down with 2 days to go panicking about stuff that must be done! weddingproblems weddingplanning	Sat down with 2 days to go panicking about stuff that must be done! weddingproblems weddingplanning	0
Feeling like I have the weight of the world on my shoulders and I'm gonna collapse	Feeling like I have the weight of the world on my shoulders and I'm gonna collapse	0
Being this stressed out is not ok and it is definitely taking a toll on me.	Being this stressed out is not ok and it is definitely taking a toll on me.	0
This week I have an essay due for rhetorical writing, which if you know me well you know I have no idea what Im doing when it comes to essay writing. Wish me luck	This week I have an essay due for rhetorical writing, which if you know me well you know I have no idea what Im doing when it comes to essay writing. Wish me luck	0
I've noticed that I wasted 10 years of my life being your friend and you never really cared about me at all thanks	I've noticed that I wasted 10 years of my life being your friend and you never really cared about me at all thanks	0
Its 2AM and 8AM I have a final test for my OS Config subject. I dont even know anymore why Im like this.	Its 2AM and 8AM I have a final test for my OS Config subject. I dont even know anymore why Im like this.	0
Glad I have my bestfriend to talk to on a bad day! loveyouuu hateschool	Glad I have my bestfriend to talk to on a bad day! loveyouuu hateschool	0
Foreigners are everywhere now days' oh fuck off half the 'foreigners' you're seeing were pissing born here-.- angry	Foreigners are everywhere now days' oh fuck off half the 'foreigners' you're seeing were pissing born here-.- angry	0
I knoe it's due tommorow but I still can't seem to concentrate and do it what is wrong with mee!!	I knoe it's due tommorow but I still can't seem to concentrate and do it what is wrong with mee!!	0
I am so sick of spending my weekends visiting my dad in the hospital. Maybe I'm a terrible person, but I just want some me time.	I am so sick of spending my weekends visiting my dad in the hospital. Maybe I'm a terrible person, but I just want some me time.	0
We have a little dinosaur that we hide from each other at work and weve been looking for this little guy all night and I feel like a mom who lost her kid at the zoo.	We have a little dinosaur that we hide from each other at work and weve been looking for this little guy all night and I feel like a mom who lost her kid at the zoo.	0
Im freakin out. I left my shoes, my poms and my clothes is Hailey's gym locker and Im going to be in trouble at practice and idek.	Im freakin out. I left my shoes, my poms and my clothes is Hailey's gym locker and Im going to be in trouble at practice and idek.	0
Bedtime hoping for an upbeat day tomorrow I can't be stressed.. It's in the past I can't change it..Wish I could but I can't..	Bedtime hoping for an upbeat day tomorrow I can't be stressed.. It's in the past I can't change it..Wish I could but I can't..	0
I'm just trying to relax and can't because I feel like I'm drowning in all the shit that I feel like I have going on. I just want to keep it together and get through this tough part of my life.	I'm just trying to relax and can't because I feel like I'm drowning in all the shit that I feel like I have going on. I just want to keep it together and get through this tough part of my life.	0
ManI hate how many people I have to shop for during Christmas time. This is the one time having a big family sucks.	ManI hate how many people I have to shop for during Christmas time. This is the one time having a big family sucks.	0
The fact that the Common App won't let me pay for my application ThanksForNothing DefinetlyNotMeetingTheDeadline	The fact that the Common App won't let me pay for my application ThanksForNothing DefinetlyNotMeetingTheDeadline	0
To my loved ones and friends. If I have been hard to get a hold of or seem like I am not around much, it is finals week for me.	To my loved ones and friends. If I have been hard to get a hold of or seem like I am not around much, it is finals week for me.	0
Why am I cleaning at this hour of the night?! No, I have the active family gene! PortuguseProbs	Why am I cleaning at this hour of the night?! No, I have the active family gene! PortuguseProbs	0
Being double entered is a bad idea when a school has three buildings. It's a cool school though.	Being double entered is a bad idea when a school has three buildings. It's a cool school though.	0
Today was not my day and neither was yesterday. I have way too much going on.	Today was not my day and neither was yesterday. I have way too much going on.	0
I've been clenching my jaw so much lately that the sides of my face are sore	I've been clenching my jaw so much lately that the sides of my face are sore	0
For some reason I feel like imma have to fight for what's my mine; But idk that I really should have too . :/ worried	For some reason I feel like imma have to fight for what's my mine; But idk that I really should have too . :/ worried	0
I swear i can never have a real day off every week i always have to work on my days off	I swear i can never have a real day off every week i always have to work on my days off	0
Wee boy has chicken pox it's horrendous! Wee shame not ideal with a new born baby aswell!	Wee boy has chicken pox it's horrendous! Wee shame not ideal with a new born baby aswell!	0
Thinking about going to college after resiting sixth form :/ Can't plan your life without doing the wrong thing once or twice?	Thinking about going to college after resiting sixth form :/ Can't plan your life without doing the wrong thing once or twice?	0
It's so hard not to be selfless. I'm trying to help others but it seems like it's coming back to haunt me.	It's so hard not to be selfless. I'm trying to help others but it seems like it's coming back to haunt me.	0
My life will be so much less stressful once I get these Internship applications sent out!	My life will be so much less stressful once I get these Internship applications sent out!	0
Being stressed without a millimeter of white space in our calendar was not God's original plan.	Being stressed without a millimeter of white space in our calendar was not God's original plan.	0
The 1st thing I'm going to do when I get home from work is make a drink. Stiff one. annoyed	The 1st thing I'm going to do when I get home from work is make a drink. Stiff one. annoyed	0
went to sleep for 3 hours after school and going to bed early tonight exhausted	went to sleep for 3 hours after school and going to bed early tonight exhausted	0
I am so so so tired. If I fall asleep before 9:30 I won't be shocked. rundown	I am so so so tired. If I fall asleep before 9:30 I won't be shocked. rundown	0
Finally got some gd sleep but now my head and face hurts stressed jaw I can never win :( x	Finally got some gd sleep but now my head and face hurts stressed jaw I can never win :( x	0
My eye twitches when I'm stressed out and I has been twitching for two weeks..I need a break from everything for a few days	My eye twitches when I'm stressed out and I has been twitching for two weeks..I need a break from everything for a few days	0
Setting up clsrm today, not sure if its still going to be my clsrm this yr. Scrapping all lessons frm last week and starting over.	Setting up clsrm today, not sure if its still going to be my clsrm this yr. Scrapping all lessons frm last week and starting over.	0
I hope my mom isn't mad at me in the morning I can't stop thinking about the way she went off on me :(	I hope my mom isn't mad at me in the morning I can't stop thinking about the way she went off on me :(	0
Nasty c and tellamen thier trending we get they killed nasty c new album so can find another thing to tweet about	Nasty c and tellamen thier trending we get they killed nasty c new album so can find another thing to tweet about	0
Starting the day of with a mental break down before lift only means my day can go up from here. needsummer	Starting the day of with a mental break down before lift only means my day can go up from here. needsummer	0
I am sssoooo stressed out. Damn if it's not one thing it's something else wtf	I am sssoooo stressed out. Damn if it's not one thing it's something else wtf	0
I really really hope i get this damn jobi can't do this all day everyday anymore	I really really hope i get this damn jobi can't do this all day everyday anymore	0
I literally just spent 2 full days doing homework (minus the 3 for the parade today) exhausted	I literally just spent 2 full days doing homework (minus the 3 for the parade today) exhausted	0
I just want to stay home and cry for the next few days.. Or weeks.	I just want to stay home and cry for the next few days.. Or weeks.	0
I'm so sad I still can't do a thing about the money taken/robbed from acct bc today is a holiday!	I'm so sad I still can't do a thing about the money taken/robbed from acct bc today is a holiday!	0
I dont wanna read AR. But I have to1,000, 000 people will fail AR if I dont. ToooMuchResponsibility	I dont wanna read AR. But I have to1,000, 000 people will fail AR if I dont. ToooMuchResponsibility	0
I have a headache because I keep gritting my teeth. I keep getting my teeth because. well I don't really know. :/	I have a headache because I keep gritting my teeth. I keep getting my teeth because. well I don't really know. :/	0
oh no, went to a marykay party + didn't know it was a marykay party toomanywomen //this is the worst!!	oh no, went to a marykay party + didn't know it was a marykay party toomanywomen //this is the worst!!	0
No gas- no groceries- no money- rent due- car payment due- no money- bills due..	No gas- no groceries- no money- rent due- car payment due- no money- bills due..	0
Thought my assignment is due Friday but it turns out that I was wrong and it's due TOMORROW! Panicking	Thought my assignment is due Friday but it turns out that I was wrong and it's due TOMORROW! Panicking	0
Was hoping to have done this photography coursework by half 3 but it's not nearly 4 and I'm no where near done	Was hoping to have done this photography coursework by half 3 but it's not nearly 4 and I'm no where near done	0
I swear I cannot have just one day where I'm not stressing about something. It's always one thing after another.	I swear I cannot have just one day where I'm not stressing about something. It's always one thing after another.	0
To All those that say doing a degree is like being on the dole- I agree for the first two years, after that you can fuck off	To All those that say doing a degree is like being on the dole- I agree for the first two years, after that you can fuck off	0
Feeling anxious depressed give a call on 02476 671 090 and see how they could help you - Lines are open	Feeling anxious depressed give a call on 02476 671 090 and see how they could help you - Lines are open	0
It's weird to think that every decision we make in the next year could completely change our life's course.	It's weird to think that every decision we make in the next year could completely change our life's course.	0
Still waiting to see if I got the Cuyahoga job, a month and a half later..	Still waiting to see if I got the Cuyahoga job, a month and a half later..	0
Telling me to go fuck myself like I'm the enemy, don't worry I won't try and help again you stupid girl!	Telling me to go fuck myself like I'm the enemy, don't worry I won't try and help again you stupid girl!	0
I need to go somewhere and scream at the top of my lungs without someone thinking I'm getting murdered	I need to go somewhere and scream at the top of my lungs without someone thinking I'm getting murdered	0
I hate the position I'm in and the decisions I'm going to have to make.	I hate the position I'm in and the decisions I'm going to have to make.	0
I know my exam is in the afternoon yet I still have a mini heart attack thinking I've got it wrong and it's this morning	I know my exam is in the afternoon yet I still have a mini heart attack thinking I've got it wrong and it's this morning	0
This 10 page research paper literally fucking sucks.. And that is the complete best way I can put it	This 10 page research paper literally fucking sucks.. And that is the complete best way I can put it	0
Wanted to watch a movie I could fall asleep to - Shallows with was not the right choice for that. I couldnt just fall asleep not knowing what would become of that beloved seagull.	Wanted to watch a movie I could fall asleep to - Shallows with was not the right choice for that. I couldnt just fall asleep not knowing what would become of that beloved seagull.	0
I don't even want to go to class tomorrow. This is going to be hell.	I don't even want to go to class tomorrow. This is going to be hell.	0
You know it's going to be a long day when you cry before 8 a.m.	You know it's going to be a long day when you cry before 8 a.m.	0
My boyfriend is in the hospital, under 72 hour surveillance with no visitors. sighs exhausted	My boyfriend is in the hospital, under 72 hour surveillance with no visitors. sighs exhausted	0
I hate when all my teachers plan tests and assignments and they are all within 2 or 3 days so I have like over 5 things due	I hate when all my teachers plan tests and assignments and they are all within 2 or 3 days so I have like over 5 things due	0
can't wait to go to work for 12 hours tmrw and not think about anything except for little kids at work and what they got from santa	can't wait to go to work for 12 hours tmrw and not think about anything except for little kids at work and what they got from santa	0
It's not that I want school to end, it's more that I need it to end	It's not that I want school to end, it's more that I need it to end	0
28% battery, trapped on a bus with people I don't know and i have no snuff. Gunna be a long night.	28% battery, trapped on a bus with people I don't know and i have no snuff. Gunna be a long night.	0
sorry i dont think i cud watch ur twitcam this time cuz i have tons of hw to do :/ wish me luck tho :/	sorry i dont think i cud watch ur twitcam this time cuz i have tons of hw to do :/ wish me luck tho :/	0
Listened to a song once today and its been going on loop around my head for the past 4 hours, why can't my French do the same?!	Listened to a song once today and its been going on loop around my head for the past 4 hours, why can't my French do the same?!	0
There are times when as much as I would like to write or read or even watch TV the only thing I can focus on is video games.	There are times when as much as I would like to write or read or even watch TV the only thing I can focus on is video games.	0
Why I chose to take hard classes my last semester of high school is beyond me	Why I chose to take hard classes my last semester of high school is beyond me	0
When u spend ur day off buried under books not sure Ive actually got anywhere	When u spend ur day off buried under books not sure Ive actually got anywhere	0
mothermovie don't watch this if you are 7.5 months preggers! In fact don't watch it at all! Stressed me right out!	mothermovie don't watch this if you are 7.5 months preggers! In fact don't watch it at all! Stressed me right out!	0
headache or is this migraine ? ughh.. my head just hurts so bad >;.<; pain overthinking heat summer	headache or is this migraine ? ughh.. my head just hurts so bad >;.<; pain overthinking heat summer	0
I'm not in the mood for these ppl. Quick asking me for help. Do your own damn work.	I'm not in the mood for these ppl. Quick asking me for help. Do your own damn work.	0
I honestly never really get stressed or sad but for some reason I just haven't been feeling so great lately :( sad	I honestly never really get stressed or sad but for some reason I just haven't been feeling so great lately :( sad	0
Telling myself there is no way a prof will fail me with 17 days of my college career left tiredofstudying	Telling myself there is no way a prof will fail me with 17 days of my college career left tiredofstudying	0
Two 3000 word essays due in next week and I am only just starting them! Why do I do this to myself uni UniProblems student	Two 3000 word essays due in next week and I am only just starting them! Why do I do this to myself uni UniProblems student	0
I know how I feel I just wonder how u feel. Maybe I'm over thinkin things again.	I know how I feel I just wonder how u feel. Maybe I'm over thinkin things again.	0
I hate packing for trips because all the things I wanted to bring somehow disappear overnight and once I get back they're in the most obvious places.	I hate packing for trips because all the things I wanted to bring somehow disappear overnight and once I get back they're in the most obvious places.	0
I have absolutely no idea what I am doing with my life and it scares me.. A lot.	I have absolutely no idea what I am doing with my life and it scares me.. A lot.	0
so the wi fi isnt letting me check ucas or my emails is it trying to tell me something	so the wi fi isnt letting me check ucas or my emails is it trying to tell me something	0
The amount that I wish spring break started this Friday, not next Friday is astronomical. tired	The amount that I wish spring break started this Friday, not next Friday is astronomical. tired	0
Crazy how your world can drastically change from one week to another gotta hang in there tho	Crazy how your world can drastically change from one week to another gotta hang in there tho	0
So stressed, horrible night at work and I have 4 finals to study for and haven't even picked up one text book. ugh tired	So stressed, horrible night at work and I have 4 finals to study for and haven't even picked up one text book. ugh tired	0
Sick of crying all day. " I'm here for you if you ever need someone	Sick of crying all day. " I'm here for you if you ever need someone	0
One day when I woke up and smiled thinking of you, it was gone on an instant from that call forever life alone tired sad	One day when I woke up and smiled thinking of you, it was gone on an instant from that call forever life alone tired sad	0
To everyone who said senior year is the easiest, thanks for lying. I hate you.	To everyone who said senior year is the easiest, thanks for lying. I hate you.	0
if someone would care to be somewhat nice to me today, I'd greatly appreciate it.	if someone would care to be somewhat nice to me today, I'd greatly appreciate it.	0
cameron was being naughty and didn't have his pram :( ! Haha doesn't even have themes its that ancient xx	cameron was being naughty and didn't have his pram :( ! Haha doesn't even have themes its that ancient xx	0
That moment when someone tells you "youv really changed" and ur just like no? but duh theres a reason why here.	That moment when someone tells you "youv really changed" and ur just like no? but duh theres a reason why here.	0
The kids have only been home from school for half an hour and they're already getting on my nerves passmethewine	The kids have only been home from school for half an hour and they're already getting on my nerves passmethewine	0
Waiting for the moment I crash and get totally burnt out. stressed neverends just too much going on.	Waiting for the moment I crash and get totally burnt out. stressed neverends just too much going on.	0
having to decide be two things that mean so much to me has got to be the hardest and worst..	having to decide be two things that mean so much to me has got to be the hardest and worst..	0
I've never wanted to just throw my hands up this much in my entire life. Working so hard and getting nothing in return.	I've never wanted to just throw my hands up this much in my entire life. Working so hard and getting nothing in return.	0
So stressed out right now. I absolutely hate the finance part of the business course. Don't understand at all!	So stressed out right now. I absolutely hate the finance part of the business course. Don't understand at all!	0
Fuck school and the teachers that wait till the last week to shove everything down out throats!	Fuck school and the teachers that wait till the last week to shove everything down out throats!	0
Today has reaffirmed that I dislike being an adult and a hate Monday's. grumpy tired	Today has reaffirmed that I dislike being an adult and a hate Monday's. grumpy tired	0
I really hate that I have to opay back this money so quickly. Literally was on the phone likey'all can't wait until July?	I really hate that I have to opay back this money so quickly. Literally was on the phone likey'all can't wait until July?	0
Going on a mini vacation :-)" take meeeeeeeee ! I need one soo bad.	Going on a mini vacation :-)" take meeeeeeeee ! I need one soo bad.	0
Cutting words out of coursework is harder than actually writing it in the first place!	Cutting words out of coursework is harder than actually writing it in the first place!	0
Having volleyball or 2 hours then going straight to dance for 2 hours and now I lay here on my floor with no motivation to move	Having volleyball or 2 hours then going straight to dance for 2 hours and now I lay here on my floor with no motivation to move	0
Why is trying to figure out what I want to do with my life so freakin difficult!	Why is trying to figure out what I want to do with my life so freakin difficult!	0
If I don't end up with at least a 3.0 this semester I have to pay the difference for insurance. fml	If I don't end up with at least a 3.0 this semester I have to pay the difference for insurance. fml	0
there's no amount of coffee, chocolate, &/or naps thats will ease the stress that has been today	there's no amount of coffee, chocolate, &/or naps thats will ease the stress that has been today	0
I'm fed up of losing things :( and now I'm too tired to look for them :'(	I'm fed up of losing things :( and now I'm too tired to look for them :'(	0
Have had a headache for 2 days hurts so bad I've puked. Nothing is helping maybe my brain is about to explode	Have had a headache for 2 days hurts so bad I've puked. Nothing is helping maybe my brain is about to explode	0
The fact that I have 6 lessons of math due tomorrow and biology labs and biology test Thursday makes me want to just scream!	The fact that I have 6 lessons of math due tomorrow and biology labs and biology test Thursday makes me want to just scream!	0
In desperate need of a spa day! Mani pedi massage The whole 9 Who's treating!?	In desperate need of a spa day! Mani pedi massage The whole 9 Who's treating!?	0
I feel like I'm gonna fail this AP chemistry test no matter how hard I study.	I feel like I'm gonna fail this AP chemistry test no matter how hard I study.	0
A couple hours with no social media and a little john Mayer was well needed.	A couple hours with no social media and a little john Mayer was well needed.	0
I just wish I wasn't so unsure about everything and I know what's going on with my life	I just wish I wasn't so unsure about everything and I know what's going on with my life	0
I just feel lately I'm going crazy! I don't want to go crazy! notagain why	I just feel lately I'm going crazy! I don't want to go crazy! notagain why	0
Bruh.. I just started crying due to the fact that Tom Hiddleston is actually real.. In other words Greetings. I am alive. Well, alive as one person can be while in any college program that is medical related.	Bruh.. I just started crying due to the fact that Tom Hiddleston is actually real.. In other words Greetings. I am alive. Well, alive as one person can be while in any college program that is medical related.	0
1st appearance in court today to give evidence after being attacked, one of the worst experiences for a long while	1st appearance in court today to give evidence after being attacked, one of the worst experiences for a long while	0
Knocking out a 5 page, 1500 word, 4 source research paper due in a little over 12 hours from now in less than 25 hours.	Knocking out a 5 page, 1500 word, 4 source research paper due in a little over 12 hours from now in less than 25 hours.	0
guess I'll take care of the mess I made in the morning too tired to worry about it now. hopeitworksout	guess I'll take care of the mess I made in the morning too tired to worry about it now. hopeitworksout	0
Trying so hard to avoid the thoughts of exams unfortunately they have snuck up on me.	Trying so hard to avoid the thoughts of exams unfortunately they have snuck up on me.	0
Phone has been going crazy all day. Making hella big moves in a short period of time	Phone has been going crazy all day. Making hella big moves in a short period of time	0
I hate going to bed and thinking about all the school work I still have to do before the end of the year done	I hate going to bed and thinking about all the school work I still have to do before the end of the year done	0
These next two weeks are going to be rough as hell. Just hoping to make it thru.	These next two weeks are going to be rough as hell. Just hoping to make it thru.	0
Been kicked out Nan and Grandads for telling the truth :/ so staying at my brothers house! So stressed out its unreal..	Been kicked out Nan and Grandads for telling the truth :/ so staying at my brothers house! So stressed out its unreal..	0
Time for some sleep after a long day of studying A&P back at it In the morning..	Time for some sleep after a long day of studying A&P back at it In the morning..	0
I was hoping to finally have some stability. Guess you can't get everything you ask for. I can't say I wasn't warned	I was hoping to finally have some stability. Guess you can't get everything you ask for. I can't say I wasn't warned	0
Omg I hate you and I don't even know you ahhhh!!!!!!!! Never thought I'd hate a girl over a las but you ahhhhh	Omg I hate you and I don't even know you ahhhh!!!!!!!! Never thought I'd hate a girl over a las but you ahhhhh	0
Kids are asleep so it's time to study!! Test tonight and I'm soo not ready	Kids are asleep so it's time to study!! Test tonight and I'm soo not ready	0
I wish our massage therapist wasnt out of town. I need one so bad!! knots hurts	I wish our massage therapist wasnt out of town. I need one so bad!! knots hurts	0
Laid down in bed before getting ready for bed, but now I don't wanna get up laziness tired	Laid down in bed before getting ready for bed, but now I don't wanna get up laziness tired	0
About to put an ice pack on my head and try to sleep.. I can't even get my English done. sick	About to put an ice pack on my head and try to sleep.. I can't even get my English done. sick	0
Thank God Im done with all that's due tom. Hope I get to study for the two long exams on tuesday.	Thank God Im done with all that's due tom. Hope I get to study for the two long exams on tuesday.	0
The next month is going to be unbelievably busy which I loveeeeee, but hate as I'm drowning in work	The next month is going to be unbelievably busy which I loveeeeee, but hate as I'm drowning in work	0
I've never been so exhausted from studying.. broke my rule for cramming before finals. Gotta do what I gotta do. borderlinegrades	I've never been so exhausted from studying.. broke my rule for cramming before finals. Gotta do what I gotta do. borderlinegrades	0
Hate when I can't sleep because so many things are running through my mind. And all of them have to do with school fml	Hate when I can't sleep because so many things are running through my mind. And all of them have to do with school fml	0
I honestly have no idea how I'm gonna get through the day on two hours of sleep.	I honestly have no idea how I'm gonna get through the day on two hours of sleep.	0
Trying to find a new home in a city you barely know is the most difficult task. Knowing nobody doesn't help.	Trying to find a new home in a city you barely know is the most difficult task. Knowing nobody doesn't help.	0
Being stressed out is bothering me because I have a bad headache and won't go away!! killme headache	Being stressed out is bothering me because I have a bad headache and won't go away!! killme headache	0
Trains late, woman next to me is breathing like a panting dog and its red hot	Trains late, woman next to me is breathing like a panting dog and its red hot	0
I have no words to describe my day so far, but I do however have a ton of obscene gestures.	I have no words to describe my day so far, but I do however have a ton of obscene gestures.	0
I hate law, this is essay is just a big pile of crap cause I have no clue what I'm talking about! coursework rambling	I hate law, this is essay is just a big pile of crap cause I have no clue what I'm talking about! coursework rambling	0
I have never wanted a semester to end and not end so badly at the same time before! graduation	I have never wanted a semester to end and not end so badly at the same time before! graduation	0
Noooo I don't want it to be Monday :( I'm not ready for the week to start toomuchtodo	Noooo I don't want it to be Monday :( I'm not ready for the week to start toomuchtodo	0
Why am I wideeee awake now and why do I have the sudden urge to go out for a run! strange	Why am I wideeee awake now and why do I have the sudden urge to go out for a run! strange	0
Lots of hospital and physio appointments this week. getting my hearing aids fitted too. Not a good week for me	Lots of hospital and physio appointments this week. getting my hearing aids fitted too. Not a good week for me	0
Just watched a lady come out of the liquor store with a mini bottle of vodka, chug it, throw it in the garbage, and keep walking like nothing happened. Just same.	Just watched a lady come out of the liquor store with a mini bottle of vodka, chug it, throw it in the garbage, and keep walking like nothing happened. Just same.	0
I've worked on my isu all weekend that I haven't done any other of my homework.	I've worked on my isu all weekend that I haven't done any other of my homework.	0
i need some sleep!! mad relieved Tired i guess thats what i get for waiting..	i need some sleep!! mad relieved Tired i guess thats what i get for waiting..	0
i feel like im not gonna get accepted into any college i want to go to..)':" :(	i feel like im not gonna get accepted into any college i want to go to..)':" :(	0
Haven't gone to sleep at my bedtime in DAYS. I'm turning into a normal college student and I hate it. sotired sleepdeprived	Haven't gone to sleep at my bedtime in DAYS. I'm turning into a normal college student and I hate it. sotired sleepdeprived	0
Nothing to talk about .. And will never know what I did wrong but I guess all guys are assholes !!	Nothing to talk about .. And will never know what I did wrong but I guess all guys are assholes !!	0
Thank goodness for Statistics for making me feel like less of an idiot while studying for Human Body.	Thank goodness for Statistics for making me feel like less of an idiot while studying for Human Body.	0
Suicide is a possibility with all this stress. Fuck uni. Fuck my finger. Fuck you. Fuck me.	Suicide is a possibility with all this stress. Fuck uni. Fuck my finger. Fuck you. Fuck me.	0
Bad news I have to finish all of my homework  this is stressing me out	Bad news I have to finish all of my homework  this is stressing me out	0
I am not ready for Mt first exam in less than 3 weeks at all!	I am not ready for Mt first exam in less than 3 weeks at all!	0
No sleep last night and now I have to go back to school today Tired	No sleep last night and now I have to go back to school today Tired	0
Just looking at my class schedule next year is making me want to cry a little.	Just looking at my class schedule next year is making me want to cry a little.	0
I am so close to crying right now Between the PIP and the Trials I just don't know what's worse killme	I am so close to crying right now Between the PIP and the Trials I just don't know what's worse killme	0
I seriously just want to be done. I can never win or have anything go right in my life. hateit	I seriously just want to be done. I can never win or have anything go right in my life. hateit	0
What a long day today, felt like prison being in that room for 5 hours drag	What a long day today, felt like prison being in that room for 5 hours drag	0
I need to get away from her. She is stressing me out that I'm at the point of crying	I need to get away from her. She is stressing me out that I'm at the point of crying	0
I just can't wait until morning so I can just go to the gym and melt into my head phones.	I just can't wait until morning so I can just go to the gym and melt into my head phones.	0
If I'm mean today I'm very sorry. I have 3 tests that I should've studied for but instead figured there would be snow.	If I'm mean today I'm very sorry. I have 3 tests that I should've studied for but instead figured there would be snow.	0
I think I'm going to go read until I fall asleep. Tonight was bad, tomorrow afternoon will make this all better.	I think I'm going to go read until I fall asleep. Tonight was bad, tomorrow afternoon will make this all better.	0
Hate that I have my work email on my phone. Hadn't even left the house yet and the emails come flooding in.	Hate that I have my work email on my phone. Hadn't even left the house yet and the emails come flooding in.	0
why does lasalle have school tomorrow like ugh can't talk to bae all day stressed	why does lasalle have school tomorrow like ugh can't talk to bae all day stressed	0
This week is gonna be so hectic :/ UCR classes start, and still have to go to chaffey for soccer and class.	This week is gonna be so hectic :/ UCR classes start, and still have to go to chaffey for soccer and class.	0
Wow I wish I knew what I'd done wrong to get so much bad karma! This week 1 or more things have gone wrong everyday	Wow I wish I knew what I'd done wrong to get so much bad karma! This week 1 or more things have gone wrong everyday	0
If running didn't hurt so badly, I'd be going for a 10 miler right about now. Stupid back problems. angry	If running didn't hurt so badly, I'd be going for a 10 miler right about now. Stupid back problems. angry	0
U complain about me doing nothing but u stick me on the phones by myself all day! . pissed! U dnt even c what I do everyday!	U complain about me doing nothing but u stick me on the phones by myself all day! . pissed! U dnt even c what I do everyday!	0
I dont know where my license is, and Im so pissed at myself for being so stupid and misplacing it.	I dont know where my license is, and Im so pissed at myself for being so stupid and misplacing it.	0
Forever cutting down words from essays because I ramble like a dick all the time	Forever cutting down words from essays because I ramble like a dick all the time	0
I hate it when people breathe heavily in their sleep because I can't tell them to shut the fuck up.	I hate it when people breathe heavily in their sleep because I can't tell them to shut the fuck up.	0
I just want to be home with my friends and family. It's so hard being so far from home.	I just want to be home with my friends and family. It's so hard being so far from home.	0
I should probably just go to sleep because I'm not gonna get a text back.	I should probably just go to sleep because I'm not gonna get a text back.	0
Defo booking a spa day for when all of this horrible Uni work is completed	Defo booking a spa day for when all of this horrible Uni work is completed	0
I just want to burry myself in a box underground for a few days. annoyed irritated frustrated	I just want to burry myself in a box underground for a few days. annoyed irritated frustrated	0
When your tired and you just want to give up PUSH THROUGH. motivation FridayFeeIing tired college amwriting	When your tired and you just want to give up PUSH THROUGH. motivation FridayFeeIing tired college amwriting	0
Seriously hoping mark goes to London tomorrow, one less person for me to run around and look after	Seriously hoping mark goes to London tomorrow, one less person for me to run around and look after	0
hate masters assignments. on the verge of a mental breakdown in the middle of the library :(	hate masters assignments. on the verge of a mental breakdown in the middle of the library :(	0
Can't sleep because the Hayward decision is looming and will make or break the Jazz - going to be a long day tomo stayward	Can't sleep because the Hayward decision is looming and will make or break the Jazz - going to be a long day tomo stayward	0
This is going to be the worst week ever. What a great way to end my senior year.	This is going to be the worst week ever. What a great way to end my senior year.	0
Seriously medical terminology sucks!! How in the world am I to remember all of this.	Seriously medical terminology sucks!! How in the world am I to remember all of this.	0
America, U do know that we need a 9th Supreme Court Justice to help w/ checks and balances, right? Guess who nominates that person?	America, U do know that we need a 9th Supreme Court Justice to help w/ checks and balances, right? Guess who nominates that person?	0
confused disappointed as a matter of fact l don't know where to start from nor a person to talk to coz l just cnt trust any1	confused disappointed as a matter of fact l don't know where to start from nor a person to talk to coz l just cnt trust any1	0
The fact that my face never breaks out, but it decided to this week is annoying. wtf	The fact that my face never breaks out, but it decided to this week is annoying. wtf	0
I feel like I'm cramming for a final. This interview is going to drive me insane. Biggest of my life	I feel like I'm cramming for a final. This interview is going to drive me insane. Biggest of my life	0
I'm sick to death of my teachers and parents making me rush a decision on what I want to do next year	I'm sick to death of my teachers and parents making me rush a decision on what I want to do next year	0
I have lower grades this year then I have had any past year. There's just so much going on	I have lower grades this year then I have had any past year. There's just so much going on	0
Ughh sometimes i wish i was small enuff to crawl into a little hole were no one could find me	Ughh sometimes i wish i was small enuff to crawl into a little hole were no one could find me	0
I just want to stay in bed all day with my sick puppy and sleep lazyday poorbaby	I just want to stay in bed all day with my sick puppy and sleep lazyday poorbaby	0
Ok. Someone entertain me please. And if I don't respond it basically means I find you boring.	Ok. Someone entertain me please. And if I don't respond it basically means I find you boring.	0
giving a hopeless romantic the assignment to write a persuasive essay on relationships is not a good idea	giving a hopeless romantic the assignment to write a persuasive essay on relationships is not a good idea	0
Annoyed because the USPS lost 1 of the 8 flat rate boxes of books I shipped from California to Kentucky. Hope it shows up :-/	Annoyed because the USPS lost 1 of the 8 flat rate boxes of books I shipped from California to Kentucky. Hope it shows up :-/	0
My bad! I made a mistake. No reason to be like that. Especially this week	My bad! I made a mistake. No reason to be like that. Especially this week	0
really hope people aren't talking about me when they say that someone is singing bad nervous	really hope people aren't talking about me when they say that someone is singing bad nervous	0
There's only one other person I trust in this world besides my parents! Trust is hard to find! truth trust noone	There's only one other person I trust in this world besides my parents! Trust is hard to find! truth trust noone	0
Lmaooo my mom is telling me about how boring it is in Guinea-Bissau and how she doesn't know how she will last 2 months	Lmaooo my mom is telling me about how boring it is in Guinea-Bissau and how she doesn't know how she will last 2 months	0
What's happening in the world at this unearthly hour Twitter? Gonna need matchsticks tomorra! tired	What's happening in the world at this unearthly hour Twitter? Gonna need matchsticks tomorra! tired	0
corrie paul is annoying me, karl is scaring me, dev is irritating and kirsty is creeping me out	corrie paul is annoying me, karl is scaring me, dev is irritating and kirsty is creeping me out	0
Drogheda to Dundalk an vice versa running 30 mins late all day, Stood on small path outside hospital with a hyperactive bored 4 year old an a pregnant wife who's due into work at 3pm, the 1pm bus jus leaving Drogheda now	Drogheda to Dundalk an vice versa running 30 mins late all day, Stood on small path outside hospital with a hyperactive bored 4 year old an a pregnant wife who's due into work at 3pm, the 1pm bus jus leaving Drogheda now	0
Not knowing and not being able to do anything about something have to be two of the worst feelings ever	Not knowing and not being able to do anything about something have to be two of the worst feelings ever	0
Today was just ugh. I don't know why you two had to fight. Such stupid reasons. .	Today was just ugh. I don't know why you two had to fight. Such stupid reasons. .	0
Insomnia has gotten the best of me. I hope tonight is the night I sleep through the night. probablynot stressed :/	Insomnia has gotten the best of me. I hope tonight is the night I sleep through the night. probablynot stressed :/	0
Too much on my mind stressing out . What if I make the wrong decision whattodo	Too much on my mind stressing out . What if I make the wrong decision whattodo	0
I'm going to fail all of my classes  screwed stressed it's official I'm giving up	I'm going to fail all of my classes  screwed stressed it's official I'm giving up	0
I have interviews Monday and Thursday. I have a 5-7 page paper due Wednesday. And I have a journal and presentation due Wednesday.	I have interviews Monday and Thursday. I have a 5-7 page paper due Wednesday. And I have a journal and presentation due Wednesday.	0
Wish I can do more and help out but, I ain't got no money and bills steady keep pileling up smh.	Wish I can do more and help out but, I ain't got no money and bills steady keep pileling up smh.	0
would rather be dead than sat here doing assignments. eugh fedup annoyed college workingdogs bored	would rather be dead than sat here doing assignments. eugh fedup annoyed college workingdogs bored	0
Break time! studying I need a vacation after may because fuck I am so stressed and I'm starting to lose sleep	Break time! studying I need a vacation after may because fuck I am so stressed and I'm starting to lose sleep	0
Last work day of the year and tons of stuff to get done today! stressed overload (@ Smart Business)	Last work day of the year and tons of stuff to get done today! stressed overload (@ Smart Business)	0
i don't even know how i got through the day. I feel like crap. dying	i don't even know how i got through the day. I feel like crap. dying	0
This whole situation is really starting to stress me out!  why wont the insurance company just send my nan home!!	This whole situation is really starting to stress me out!  why wont the insurance company just send my nan home!!	0
If I buy a new laptop I expect it to work not everything go wrong with it in the first 7-8weeks! Toshiba Laptops what a let down!!	If I buy a new laptop I expect it to work not everything go wrong with it in the first 7-8weeks! Toshiba Laptops what a let down!!	0
uniqlo_se as if the pandemic isnt causing enough stress. Uniqlo are making it worse by not giving me a refund or replying to my emails. Sadly, naming and shaming on social media is how we communicate nowadays! poorcustomerservice	uniqlo_se as if the pandemic isnt causing enough stress. Uniqlo are making it worse by not giving me a refund or replying to my emails. Sadly, naming and shaming on social media is how we communicate nowadays! poorcustomerservice	0
Calc midterm coming.. woke up late and miss my review class :( this is not looking to good fail	Calc midterm coming.. woke up late and miss my review class :( this is not looking to good fail	0
Feeling ? Drink Green tea - Green tea is a source of L-Theanine, a chemical that helps relieve anger	Feeling ? Drink Green tea - Green tea is a source of L-Theanine, a chemical that helps relieve anger	0
Tell you what considering your worth 1Tril+ iTunes is one of the worst peices of software Ive used, wasted my whole morning cantburnmusiciveboughtformyweddingplaylist	Tell you what considering your worth 1Tril+ iTunes is one of the worst peices of software Ive used, wasted my whole morning cantburnmusiciveboughtformyweddingplaylist	0
Why are people shopping in supermarkets like the worlds gonna end :/ should make shopping at xmas with a trolley a sport!	Why are people shopping in supermarkets like the worlds gonna end :/ should make shopping at xmas with a trolley a sport!	0
Seriously can't beat this candy crush level and have come to the conclusion I need to save me	Seriously can't beat this candy crush level and have come to the conclusion I need to save me	0
Trying to plan christening party decorations someone remind me why did i volunteer to do this?!!	Trying to plan christening party decorations someone remind me why did i volunteer to do this?!!	0
It's 3rd period and I'm already weighed down with homework due tomorrow, not to mention the loads of make up work I h	It's 3rd period and I'm already weighed down with homework due tomorrow, not to mention the loads of make up work I h	0
been stood at the aire street stop for an hour now, 3x229 buses haven't shown up	been stood at the aire street stop for an hour now, 3x229 buses haven't shown up	0
This learning lark is well slowly driving one crazy hope only 10 weeks left help me haaaaa	This learning lark is well slowly driving one crazy hope only 10 weeks left help me haaaaa	0
Proper struggled trying to learn this presentation, literally been at it all day and still go some left to learn :/	Proper struggled trying to learn this presentation, literally been at it all day and still go some left to learn :/	0
This morning has been so bad with all these doctors appointments and my phone not working tiered	This morning has been so bad with all these doctors appointments and my phone not working tiered	0
pretty annoyed right now, I miss my BOYFRIEND .. but soo tired to move out of bed lazy mustmove	pretty annoyed right now, I miss my BOYFRIEND .. but soo tired to move out of bed lazy mustmove	0
You know it's about to be a long night when you drink a red bull at 10:30pm collegeprobs	You know it's about to be a long night when you drink a red bull at 10:30pm collegeprobs	0
I just ate the worst carrot cake of my entire life but I forced myself to eat some of it because I was having a low blood sugar	I just ate the worst carrot cake of my entire life but I forced myself to eat some of it because I was having a low blood sugar	0
In mock trial we dress out best but ending up looking our worst. Nervous	In mock trial we dress out best but ending up looking our worst. Nervous	0
Man I'm a serious tweeter tonight. Just kinda in one of those rather not be messed with/talked to/ looked at kinda moods	Man I'm a serious tweeter tonight. Just kinda in one of those rather not be messed with/talked to/ looked at kinda moods	0
the person that would always help me calm down isn't around anymore  it's a mad world! Waaaahhhhh superupset	the person that would always help me calm down isn't around anymore  it's a mad world! Waaaahhhhh superupset	0
Have two essays, a bunch of tests and I'm to lazy to do it exhausted	Have two essays, a bunch of tests and I'm to lazy to do it exhausted	0
So frustrated I want to cry! I need a stress reliever that's not eating my feelings.	So frustrated I want to cry! I need a stress reliever that's not eating my feelings.	0
Spent 5 min the kitchen cleaning..ur not forreal r u? Uk who cleaned it b4 u went in there	Spent 5 min the kitchen cleaning..ur not forreal r u? Uk who cleaned it b4 u went in there	0
the fact that I studied for nearly half of my day but it probably won't even make a difference<;<;<; lost	the fact that I studied for nearly half of my day but it probably won't even make a difference<;<;<; lost	0
I'm in that awkward stage of my life where I have no clue wtf is going on. nojoke	I'm in that awkward stage of my life where I have no clue wtf is going on. nojoke	0
Can't wait till Saturday! I need some relaxing time and much needed time with my boyfriend.	Can't wait till Saturday! I need some relaxing time and much needed time with my boyfriend.	0
I hate having to choose between something that I really need and something that means more to me than anything	I hate having to choose between something that I really need and something that means more to me than anything	0
Need to have somewhere that's just mine and no one else goes there. I get way to much grief in this house.	Need to have somewhere that's just mine and no one else goes there. I get way to much grief in this house.	0
Someone send coffee, chocolate and motivation to this library please Feel like my head is about to explode trying to do this essay!	Someone send coffee, chocolate and motivation to this library please Feel like my head is about to explode trying to do this essay!	0
where and when did you look for me? I had a LONG test just now And I just got back	where and when did you look for me? I had a LONG test just now And I just got back	0
So many things have changed or are changing this semester and it's making me crazy. idonthandlechangewell	So many things have changed or are changing this semester and it's making me crazy. idonthandlechangewell	0
Can't believe my car has decided to breakdown half an hour before ihave to be at my exam!	Can't believe my car has decided to breakdown half an hour before ihave to be at my exam!	0
Why is ebay so complicated to sell stuff! Rather flog my stuff out the boot of my car	Why is ebay so complicated to sell stuff! Rather flog my stuff out the boot of my car	0
Blah to you twitter !!! 25 days till the move can't wait hope it's the last for a long time exhausted	Blah to you twitter !!! 25 days till the move can't wait hope it's the last for a long time exhausted	0
Finding it very hard to be around some people right now. :-( out of my mind night out soon needed walk by the river later maybe	Finding it very hard to be around some people right now. :-( out of my mind night out soon needed walk by the river later maybe	0
I HATE getting a new phone I can't find anything and AND I've lost my Kate Bush ringtone!	I HATE getting a new phone I can't find anything and AND I've lost my Kate Bush ringtone!	0
I am so stressed. Can I just sleep for like 2 weeks? That would be nice.	I am so stressed. Can I just sleep for like 2 weeks? That would be nice.	0
The ONLY thing I'm looking forward to about going back to work is making money again. I've been having to use my credit card to pay my bills, and that sucks. I'll be in debt forever thanks to COVID_19.	The ONLY thing I'm looking forward to about going back to work is making money again. I've been having to use my credit card to pay my bills, and that sucks. I'll be in debt forever thanks to COVID_19.	0
The amount of stuff I have to do in the next few days is ridiculous	The amount of stuff I have to do in the next few days is ridiculous	0
I know I can cast my anxiety, but wish I could cast my research paper on Christ	I know I can cast my anxiety, but wish I could cast my research paper on Christ	0
I become stressed in the best of situations. You put me in on a Saturday and I will become physically ill with anxiety.	I become stressed in the best of situations. You put me in on a Saturday and I will become physically ill with anxiety.	0
You know your heads fucked when you get woken up by the same dream for 2 hours	You know your heads fucked when you get woken up by the same dream for 2 hours	0
International moves are stressful. I need some good home workouts to help de-stress. I'm getting fat. Between reading and researching for my new job, apartment hunting, packing, haven't been cooking for myself. Ooof I still need dinner.	International moves are stressful. I need some good home workouts to help de-stress. I'm getting fat. Between reading and researching for my new job, apartment hunting, packing, haven't been cooking for myself. Ooof I still need dinner.	0
If you really like me, then text me back if not then ill understand and leave you alone forever. RealTalk	If you really like me, then text me back if not then ill understand and leave you alone forever. RealTalk	0
usher messed up so bad he had to make a part 2 to confessions and then throw a remix on part 2 with like 15 features. my man was	usher messed up so bad he had to make a part 2 to confessions and then throw a remix on part 2 with like 15 features. my man was	0
As if this day couldn't get any worse, I just shattered my entire phone screen murph	As if this day couldn't get any worse, I just shattered my entire phone screen murph	0
I'm prayin hard tonight. Got so much stuff to do throughout tomoro and nxt week.	I'm prayin hard tonight. Got so much stuff to do throughout tomoro and nxt week.	0
There's nothing worse than feeling like you upset/annoyed a friend. Ever. (other than feeling fat, but I'm used to that)	There's nothing worse than feeling like you upset/annoyed a friend. Ever. (other than feeling fat, but I'm used to that)	0
Feeling ? Stop what you're doing, splash water on your face, sit down, focus on one thing at a time. Repeat as needed.	Feeling ? Stop what you're doing, splash water on your face, sit down, focus on one thing at a time. Repeat as needed.	0
at least you didn't think we had biology tomorrow and only found out an hour ago it was on Tuesday imatwat	at least you didn't think we had biology tomorrow and only found out an hour ago it was on Tuesday imatwat	0
Exhausted and tired of studying. Up early to finish tomorrow before my exams. God please help me do well	Exhausted and tired of studying. Up early to finish tomorrow before my exams. God please help me do well	0
Work actually makes me an alcoholic drinking tonight for the 6th day in a row	Work actually makes me an alcoholic drinking tonight for the 6th day in a row	0
I HATE HAVING DINNER WITH ALL THE LITTLE KIDS IN MY GIANT ASS FAMILY .	I HATE HAVING DINNER WITH ALL THE LITTLE KIDS IN MY GIANT ASS FAMILY .	0
All I want to do is take a bath to relax after this long week, but there's no hot water in my building	All I want to do is take a bath to relax after this long week, but there's no hot water in my building	0
Got all this coloring due tomorrow " this is our daycare! Lmbo	Got all this coloring due tomorrow " this is our daycare! Lmbo	0
I cant believe that im already stressing over a class i havent even had yet :( dynamics	I cant believe that im already stressing over a class i havent even had yet :( dynamics	0
Torn between "work is worship" and "God still loves me if I get bad grades".	Torn between "work is worship" and "God still loves me if I get bad grades".	0
i only have enough room for twenty four kids so only God knows where the other four will sit	i only have enough room for twenty four kids so only God knows where the other four will sit	0
I just had to spend my last just so a mechanic could tell me, not fix, what's wrong with my car. SMMFH. &prayingforbetterdays	I just had to spend my last just so a mechanic could tell me, not fix, what's wrong with my car. SMMFH. &prayingforbetterdays	0
I have a strong urge to go to the kitchen, grab my chef's knife, and chop things. Unfortunately I'm out of chop-able ingredients.	I have a strong urge to go to the kitchen, grab my chef's knife, and chop things. Unfortunately I'm out of chop-able ingredients.	0
Everybody must be happy when they finish exams but the fear of failing is horrible	Everybody must be happy when they finish exams but the fear of failing is horrible	0
your browser just died on me seriously just black screened and wont do anything anyone else having this issue?? lovensebrowser lovense	your browser just died on me seriously just black screened and wont do anything anyone else having this issue?? lovensebrowser lovense	0
Can tell I'm stressed by fact that 2 days in a row I've had a headache and barely eaten anything this half term butilovefood	Can tell I'm stressed by fact that 2 days in a row I've had a headache and barely eaten anything this half term butilovefood	0
Taken a few seconds to do that "labour/contractions-are-coming" breathe that midwives/dhoulas recommend. Hee-hee-woo. No joke.	Taken a few seconds to do that "labour/contractions-are-coming" breathe that midwives/dhoulas recommend. Hee-hee-woo. No joke.	0
just when you're in the worst moods D= and then a sweet person just comes along omg happytears	just when you're in the worst moods D= and then a sweet person just comes along omg happytears	0
When a big ass bug flys into your car and u try to keep your cool and drive at the same time	When a big ass bug flys into your car and u try to keep your cool and drive at the same time	0
Well it was easier for me to focus on fitness when I wasn't in school stressed already	Well it was easier for me to focus on fitness when I wasn't in school stressed already	0
My brother is having a destination wedding next week and I'm so excitedand exhausted!! When you are so exhausted and stressed and broke from the planning and prep that you have to remind yourself to enjoy the vacation  DestinationWedding	My brother is having a destination wedding next week and I'm so excitedand exhausted!! When you are so exhausted and stressed and broke from the planning and prep that you have to remind yourself to enjoy the vacation  DestinationWedding	0
Me: *already stressed about thesis* Also me: *changes approach on subject completely at the last possible minute* Why am I like this  thesis scriptiestress	Me: *already stressed about thesis* Also me: *changes approach on subject completely at the last possible minute* Why am I like this  thesis scriptiestress	0
Decided to give myself a guitar lesson at this time ! Should be learning lines but fuck it	Decided to give myself a guitar lesson at this time ! Should be learning lines but fuck it	0
I only have half y altered text book done and 1 review for pre ap	I only have half y altered text book done and 1 review for pre ap	0
Prime example today of how staffing levels can have such an impact on your work load and ability to care	Prime example today of how staffing levels can have such an impact on your work load and ability to care	0
Tired of hearing the same bitching every day! Why only say it to me? Enough is enough. tiredofitall life headache annoyed	Tired of hearing the same bitching every day! Why only say it to me? Enough is enough. tiredofitall life headache annoyed	0
TMW your friend gifts you a Chromebook to use for conventions since your old laptop died, and you can't figure out how to get your panels to work on it.	TMW your friend gifts you a Chromebook to use for conventions since your old laptop died, and you can't figure out how to get your panels to work on it.	0
Sometimes I feel so alone..no one understands what I'm going through or what's on my mind :( feelinsad	Sometimes I feel so alone..no one understands what I'm going through or what's on my mind :( feelinsad	0
Hate being soo stressed out that any little thing will push me over the the edge needadaytorelax	Hate being soo stressed out that any little thing will push me over the the edge needadaytorelax	0
Four done, four to go. I wonder how my grade would be with only half of it done?	Four done, four to go. I wonder how my grade would be with only half of it done?	0
Of course everyone feels like shit the air is broken. CommonSenseFolks Stressed its like people are intent on fucking with me at the end of this book ive been interrupted 3 fucking times.	Of course everyone feels like shit the air is broken. CommonSenseFolks Stressed its like people are intent on fucking with me at the end of this book ive been interrupted 3 fucking times.	0
This is one of those times where i really wish someone was at the house to talk to	This is one of those times where i really wish someone was at the house to talk to	0
Need to remember that I can't please everyone all the time Just do what I think is right *sigh*	Need to remember that I can't please everyone all the time Just do what I think is right *sigh*	0
Ughstressing. Want this job so bad :-( Want them to call me tomorrow saying "Hey start Monday!!"	Ughstressing. Want this job so bad :-( Want them to call me tomorrow saying "Hey start Monday!!"	0
College essays are killing me. I have less than 48 hours to finish everything. impossible	College essays are killing me. I have less than 48 hours to finish everything. impossible	0
I hate how my face is breaking out like a mofo the week before prom :(	I hate how my face is breaking out like a mofo the week before prom :(	0
thank you doctors for making my life even more difficult. and your job more difficult. angry	thank you doctors for making my life even more difficult. and your job more difficult. angry	0
Arrgggghhhhhhhh!!! Injured knee you can bore off now!!! So many events I wanna do and can't :( duathlon triathlon muckyraces	Arrgggghhhhhhhh!!! Injured knee you can bore off now!!! So many events I wanna do and can't :( duathlon triathlon muckyraces	0
Such a bad headache,its hot and I'm having 2 cook dinner,the girls don't want 2 listen and I want 2 cry!	Such a bad headache,its hot and I'm having 2 cook dinner,the girls don't want 2 listen and I want 2 cry!	0
Is it bad that when I see people get engaged I think.. "Ha!! You have to plan a wedding next	Is it bad that when I see people get engaged I think.. "Ha!! You have to plan a wedding next	0
This morning I see a man standing just in his boxers shaking tryna hail down cabs	This morning I see a man standing just in his boxers shaking tryna hail down cabs	0
It's that point in the evening where I am grumpy at everything I see. tired	It's that point in the evening where I am grumpy at everything I see. tired	0
Has anyone else had trouble getting their car to start because of the cold? I'm about to miss work because of this.	Has anyone else had trouble getting their car to start because of the cold? I'm about to miss work because of this.	0
Well I think this is the first time I've stressed myself to the point of physical illness ibissues killme 4bigexams1week	Well I think this is the first time I've stressed myself to the point of physical illness ibissues killme 4bigexams1week	0
just eaten like half a raw cauliflower. i literally cannot stop eating. it doesn't matter what it is, i will eat it	just eaten like half a raw cauliflower. i literally cannot stop eating. it doesn't matter what it is, i will eat it	0
I will not be going back to ALDI , it was rammed with people, no system, people not social distancing. Aldi lockdownlessons	I will not be going back to ALDI , it was rammed with people, no system, people not social distancing. Aldi lockdownlessons	0
Stressed Depressed Emotional I try my best to hide it. But sometimes I just need to cry.	Stressed Depressed Emotional I try my best to hide it. But sometimes I just need to cry.	0
Cassie's talking about she might be gone for a whole month of summer . Idk if I could do that ..	Cassie's talking about she might be gone for a whole month of summer . Idk if I could do that ..	0
Strangely, I am growing fond of the waiting room of BI in Boston sick husband feel better ugh out	Strangely, I am growing fond of the waiting room of BI in Boston sick husband feel better ugh out	0
These last four or five months for me have been the worst and nothing is getting better as of right now.	These last four or five months for me have been the worst and nothing is getting better as of right now.	0
Ten days till the last day of school, and 3 days until prom, just a little	Ten days till the last day of school, and 3 days until prom, just a little	0
need to sort it out giving me a collection note only to not have it their to pick up! confused	need to sort it out giving me a collection note only to not have it their to pick up! confused	0
Was so fucking late in my second meeting! Dafuq! Why it has to be loaded today?	Was so fucking late in my second meeting! Dafuq! Why it has to be loaded today?	0
My heartbeat has been on 10 lately! Clearly, school is not good for my health.	My heartbeat has been on 10 lately! Clearly, school is not good for my health.	0
This has just been one big bad day altogether. I'm just gonna sleep for the rest of the week. tired	This has just been one big bad day altogether. I'm just gonna sleep for the rest of the week. tired	0
Absolutely shattered but I can't sleep because my brother is swearing at everything in existence nothappy :(	Absolutely shattered but I can't sleep because my brother is swearing at everything in existence nothappy :(	0
I know why they called this episode the long knight and Im only 40 minutes in!!  GOT8 GamefThrones	I know why they called this episode the long knight and Im only 40 minutes in!!  GOT8 GamefThrones	0
I need some plans for today because I really need to get out of the house today	I need some plans for today because I really need to get out of the house today	0
Gunna be at the library for the next 6 hours Having two exams in one day should be illegal!	Gunna be at the library for the next 6 hours Having two exams in one day should be illegal!	0
I bet I'm the only one that's gonna be dressed up tomorrow and I'm not winning or getting anything.	I bet I'm the only one that's gonna be dressed up tomorrow and I'm not winning or getting anything.	0
I knew you were trouble from the beginning, but it's in my nature not to care. fuuuuck	I knew you were trouble from the beginning, but it's in my nature not to care. fuuuuck	0
If my room is a mess, you know my mind is all over the place	If my room is a mess, you know my mind is all over the place	0
I've been doing homework for the past three hours straight and I'm not even done. I think it's time for a break.	I've been doing homework for the past three hours straight and I'm not even done. I think it's time for a break.	0
Not sure how I'm supposed to submit assignments when there is no submission tab help	Not sure how I'm supposed to submit assignments when there is no submission tab help	0
So run down, would do anything for a spa day or even a holiday right now! dead exhausted dying	So run down, would do anything for a spa day or even a holiday right now! dead exhausted dying	0
Stressed to the max Too much stuff to do and no time to do it.. AllByMyself	Stressed to the max Too much stuff to do and no time to do it.. AllByMyself	0
I'm going to need Jesus, God, Allah, Zeus, and every other holy deity to get me through today	I'm going to need Jesus, God, Allah, Zeus, and every other holy deity to get me through today	0
Well, I've been up since 3 with a terribly uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach	Well, I've been up since 3 with a terribly uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach	0
Thought it was my first full day off since I finished school but forgot about my exam annoying	Thought it was my first full day off since I finished school but forgot about my exam annoying	0
Finals have me up late and so stressed I can't think or remember anything I'm reading.	Finals have me up late and so stressed I can't think or remember anything I'm reading.	0
I'm not really a fan of today. Hopefully my rehearsal will cheer me up! headache	I'm not really a fan of today. Hopefully my rehearsal will cheer me up! headache	0
The pain is so serious right nowits been all day.I can't even begin to explain. Pray4Me NeedAMassage	The pain is so serious right nowits been all day.I can't even begin to explain. Pray4Me NeedAMassage	0
That moment in the workplace when a newbie like me gets handed all the job of the seniors. SIGH. work disappointed	That moment in the workplace when a newbie like me gets handed all the job of the seniors. SIGH. work disappointed	0
This week has been such a doozieglad tomorrow is Friday. I just have to get through it. badday worseweek stressed :(	This week has been such a doozieglad tomorrow is Friday. I just have to get through it. badday worseweek stressed :(	0
Carry on! Nothing to see hereIm just a walking ATM with boobs, that randomly breathes, eats and shits sometimes. tired	Carry on! Nothing to see hereIm just a walking ATM with boobs, that randomly breathes, eats and shits sometimes. tired	0
I'm thankful to have money saved up because I have a government job and my paycheck might be fucked.	I'm thankful to have money saved up because I have a government job and my paycheck might be fucked.	0
The fact I need to power through these next few months, yet I'm losing the will to live FinalBattle University almostthere	The fact I need to power through these next few months, yet I'm losing the will to live FinalBattle University almostthere	0
If our guys are going to play like this with Nigeria I'm sorry to say that we going to loose SSDiski	If our guys are going to play like this with Nigeria I'm sorry to say that we going to loose SSDiski	0
This was by far the worst day ever. Disappointed Frustrated Tired Angry Annoyed" I feel you.	This was by far the worst day ever. Disappointed Frustrated Tired Angry Annoyed" I feel you.	0
They keep saying I can pick whatever I want but it doesn't feel that way at all.	They keep saying I can pick whatever I want but it doesn't feel that way at all.	0
That moment you need help with Chem and the person who usually helps you, you ain't talking to at the moment.	That moment you need help with Chem and the person who usually helps you, you ain't talking to at the moment.	0
Feeling kinda empty and not very well today. Got many things to do but too little time. Also slept bad. ugh	Feeling kinda empty and not very well today. Got many things to do but too little time. Also slept bad. ugh	0
Is it bad I feel I needa drink after being at work for 2 hours?! behaviors	Is it bad I feel I needa drink after being at work for 2 hours?! behaviors	0
your isar he30 boiler is the biggest pile of poo ever 3 breakdowns in 3 weeks thanks a bunch	your isar he30 boiler is the biggest pile of poo ever 3 breakdowns in 3 weeks thanks a bunch	0
Wish my eyes would just hurry up and get better!! Missed like 3 weeks of college because of it :( behind	Wish my eyes would just hurry up and get better!! Missed like 3 weeks of college because of it :( behind	0
I'm so sick of everyone trying to make me put them before everything else. School needs to come 1st, work needs to come 1st, my other job needs to come 1st, choir needs to come 1st! When do I get to come 1st????	I'm so sick of everyone trying to make me put them before everything else. School needs to come 1st, work needs to come 1st, my other job needs to come 1st, choir needs to come 1st! When do I get to come 1st????	0
It's been a somewhat trying day  I don't care if it's a school night.. I will be needing wine tonight!	It's been a somewhat trying day  I don't care if it's a school night.. I will be needing wine tonight!	0
I have so much packing to do before I go out of town for a week on Sunday	I have so much packing to do before I go out of town for a week on Sunday	0
Profanity has taken a part of my work day. And I swear like a sailor.. My poor workmates! I wait when my roommate throws me out..	Profanity has taken a part of my work day. And I swear like a sailor.. My poor workmates! I wait when my roommate throws me out..	0
Hey &, please find and get him help. Autistic and & contemplating suicide. Has ranted 4 awhile.	Hey &, please find and get him help. Autistic and & contemplating suicide. Has ranted 4 awhile.	0
Lawd im soo tired of waking up every morning. Like wea tf is may. Im just really tired of school. im just ready to graduate fuck	Lawd im soo tired of waking up every morning. Like wea tf is may. Im just really tired of school. im just ready to graduate fuck	0
I got less than four hours of sleep last night.. One quick review session before my midterm in less than 4 hours!!! da3watkom	I got less than four hours of sleep last night.. One quick review session before my midterm in less than 4 hours!!! da3watkom	0
how my relationship has to come this , is beyond me , I need to get away :(	how my relationship has to come this , is beyond me , I need to get away :(	0
Hate the feeling of being unprepared for something. About to help at a school meeting and no idea what I'm about to say.	Hate the feeling of being unprepared for something. About to help at a school meeting and no idea what I'm about to say.	0
This work has driven me MAD. " shutup sabah you complain like your doing A-levels.	This work has driven me MAD. " shutup sabah you complain like your doing A-levels.	0
I feel like I've been in school for a quarter already but nope, it's only been a little over a month	I feel like I've been in school for a quarter already but nope, it's only been a little over a month	0
2 weeks no kickboxing his move across country and a month hiatus got a girl Stressed PentUp and Frustrated -- anything is possible --	2 weeks no kickboxing his move across country and a month hiatus got a girl Stressed PentUp and Frustrated -- anything is possible --	0
In the past 2 weeks I've had 3 family members admitted to the hospital, I in ICU and a close family friend with 24 hours to live.	In the past 2 weeks I've had 3 family members admitted to the hospital, I in ICU and a close family friend with 24 hours to live.	0
can i get a wee song played? Still trying to study for my 3hr exam tomoro and nothing stayin in my head :(	can i get a wee song played? Still trying to study for my 3hr exam tomoro and nothing stayin in my head :(	0
I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay. Not right now	I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay I'm not okay. Not right now	0
My phone was supposed to be in 1 to 3 days. Now its expected to be in in 8 days	My phone was supposed to be in 1 to 3 days. Now its expected to be in in 8 days	0
I spend way to much,time,money and effort buying things offline. Oh the stress when it comes days late is making my hair fall out.	I spend way to much,time,money and effort buying things offline. Oh the stress when it comes days late is making my hair fall out.	0
hear back from the vet hospital Wednesday. Also being pressured to accept a small promotion at my current job by about Friday..	hear back from the vet hospital Wednesday. Also being pressured to accept a small promotion at my current job by about Friday..	0
stressed 6 things so far that have annoyed me to no end at dinner at Rivers. Give me a coffee and a room with no one in it any day.	stressed 6 things so far that have annoyed me to no end at dinner at Rivers. Give me a coffee and a room with no one in it any day.	0
Be careful when you are stressed. Not being in control may lead you to make regrettable decisions.	Be careful when you are stressed. Not being in control may lead you to make regrettable decisions.	0
Save money and go to sccc OR have a blackout kinda time at a college where ill be in bankruptcy for the rest of eternity	Save money and go to sccc OR have a blackout kinda time at a college where ill be in bankruptcy for the rest of eternity	0
This week has been insane. I do not want a repeat of this poop hole week.	This week has been insane. I do not want a repeat of this poop hole week.	0
If I can make it to Friday I can make it through anything school tired	If I can make it to Friday I can make it through anything school tired	0
I keep hearing this thing call vacation. What is it? And where can I get one?	I keep hearing this thing call vacation. What is it? And where can I get one?	0
Getting nervous.. i'm supposed to be feeling better not worse.. and I work at 7:30am. And I can't just call into work	Getting nervous.. i'm supposed to be feeling better not worse.. and I work at 7:30am. And I can't just call into work	0
Fucked rite off weathers getting on my tits roll on my hols 9 weeks counting	Fucked rite off weathers getting on my tits roll on my hols 9 weeks counting	0
I wanna know what the heck is going on. I'm so confused with music, bio, and life in general! help iwantthetruth finals	I wanna know what the heck is going on. I'm so confused with music, bio, and life in general! help iwantthetruth finals	0
the fact that I need to have my thesis idea and ways to defend it due tomorrow seems more than unfair agrees hah	the fact that I need to have my thesis idea and ways to defend it due tomorrow seems more than unfair agrees hah	0
I've got so much to think about within the next week and a half.. I guess ill just sleep on it.	I've got so much to think about within the next week and a half.. I guess ill just sleep on it.	0
Why do I have a feeling my dinner is going to turn out really wrong :/	Why do I have a feeling my dinner is going to turn out really wrong :/	0
Got way too much on my mind that I don't know what to do anymore vergeofmentalbreakdown	Got way too much on my mind that I don't know what to do anymore vergeofmentalbreakdown	0
Oh dear bang bang bang outside, stops. Bang bang bang inside. And round and round it goes. buildingwork	Oh dear bang bang bang outside, stops. Bang bang bang inside. And round and round it goes. buildingwork	0
Keep getting asked stupid questions today! If you're going to ask something stupidask someone elseDO NOT ASK me! annoyed	Keep getting asked stupid questions today! If you're going to ask something stupidask someone elseDO NOT ASK me! annoyed	0
I'm so tired of this. This season and semester cannot go fast enough done retired over	I'm so tired of this. This season and semester cannot go fast enough done retired over	0
The fact that some of my professors scheduled the final for next week makes me hate them a little more.	The fact that some of my professors scheduled the final for next week makes me hate them a little more.	0
Lesson learned: if it's an option to come home from college Don't. -.- pissed crappyweekend	Lesson learned: if it's an option to come home from college Don't. -.- pissed crappyweekend	0
Omg this paper!!!!!! Seriously if I didn't want to have an A I'd just take a zero! trailprobs	Omg this paper!!!!!! Seriously if I didn't want to have an A I'd just take a zero! trailprobs	0
Is it bad that I don't want to self-publish because I don't think I could handle that much stress? writingcommmunity writing	Is it bad that I don't want to self-publish because I don't think I could handle that much stress? writingcommmunity writing	0
It would be a miracle if I knew half the material that was on this exam	It would be a miracle if I knew half the material that was on this exam	0
Been stressed and anxious for two days now, I've had one small snack in that time LoveAnxiety	Been stressed and anxious for two days now, I've had one small snack in that time LoveAnxiety	0
I don't know if I should do the weights project because its a waste of time If it isn't due tomorrow	I don't know if I should do the weights project because its a waste of time If it isn't due tomorrow	0
I was making shakes at work and when I turned around there were 15 people behind me!!!!!!!	I was making shakes at work and when I turned around there were 15 people behind me!!!!!!!	0
It sucks not being able to play the game you love, especially when that game is an escape from the rest of your life.	It sucks not being able to play the game you love, especially when that game is an escape from the rest of your life.	0
Ever have one of those weeks where everything feels off Need to clear my head and make a game plan	Ever have one of those weeks where everything feels off Need to clear my head and make a game plan	0
Starting to freak about no partial credit on the PRAC tomorrow. Have yet to pass a quiz :/	Starting to freak about no partial credit on the PRAC tomorrow. Have yet to pass a quiz :/	0
I have spent the majority of today researching graduate schools, veterinary schools, and the Peace Corp.	I have spent the majority of today researching graduate schools, veterinary schools, and the Peace Corp.	0
so much to do so little time and I have no idea what to do!	so much to do so little time and I have no idea what to do!	0
I was so tired earlier that I went downstairs to put a box down there and forgot the box.	I was so tired earlier that I went downstairs to put a box down there and forgot the box.	0
If only my computer could go back to how it was before it crashedfinals week is not the time to be missing things!	If only my computer could go back to how it was before it crashedfinals week is not the time to be missing things!	0
We may feel a bit run down, overwhelmed and unable to manage situations, which can be triggered due to work issues, personal relationships, financial issues and children. It's important that we look after ourselves, have a chat with me on how I can help you to feel less	We may feel a bit run down, overwhelmed and unable to manage situations, which can be triggered due to work issues, personal relationships, financial issues and children. It's important that we look after ourselves, have a chat with me on how I can help you to feel less	0
I've got soooo much work to do and I'm sat in children's a&e with my little brother :(	I've got soooo much work to do and I'm sat in children's a&e with my little brother :(	0
Just spent the last 10 minutes frantic as heck cause I forgot to save my paper. PTL I found it. Holy moly	Just spent the last 10 minutes frantic as heck cause I forgot to save my paper. PTL I found it. Holy moly	0
have to finish homework, find my missing dance shoes, and pack for convention.. greaaaaaat	have to finish homework, find my missing dance shoes, and pack for convention.. greaaaaaat	0
- ugh if I don't pass english I don't get my diploma this year wtf ugh	- ugh if I don't pass english I don't get my diploma this year wtf ugh	0
Can I just have few days w|o a BS? All I need is a few dayssheesh!	Can I just have few days w|o a BS? All I need is a few dayssheesh!	0
I want to buy I need the money just in case of any little thing but idk I'm thou :\ idk what to do.!	I want to buy I need the money just in case of any little thing but idk I'm thou :\ idk what to do.!	0
Had enough now !!!!!!! Roll on tomorrow gunna get very very drunk and forget the world exist !!!!!!!!!!	Had enough now !!!!!!! Roll on tomorrow gunna get very very drunk and forget the world exist !!!!!!!!!!	0
What is wrong with me?! Why do I feel sick all the time all of a sudden?! notright stupidbody	What is wrong with me?! Why do I feel sick all the time all of a sudden?! notright stupidbody	0
It's days like these that I say, "Lord, I lay my life down at your feet."	It's days like these that I say, "Lord, I lay my life down at your feet."	0
These last few days are going to either turn me into an alcoholic or make me need some serious meds.	These last few days are going to either turn me into an alcoholic or make me need some serious meds.	0
This is so weird. When I try to see the m&g pics from the last two shows, it says there aren't pics in the gallery.	This is so weird. When I try to see the m&g pics from the last two shows, it says there aren't pics in the gallery.	0
Today was pretty crazy, the rest of my week is still going to be crazy!	Today was pretty crazy, the rest of my week is still going to be crazy!	0
The few times i ask for ur help and dont respond right away!!! and i know ur gonna read it and not say nothing back! Mad Frustrated	The few times i ask for ur help and dont respond right away!!! and i know ur gonna read it and not say nothing back! Mad Frustrated	0
my daughter has had her money stopped by UC so she is now at home with 2 young children with no money no rent no food ? These people are crazy under pressure ? what now not coping madness stressed had enough already .	my daughter has had her money stopped by UC so she is now at home with 2 young children with no money no rent no food ? These people are crazy under pressure ? what now not coping madness stressed had enough already .	0
This weekend has just pushed me past my breaking point. dont even know how to deal with it all. tired	This weekend has just pushed me past my breaking point. dont even know how to deal with it all. tired	0
i wish i could light something right now stressed! its a great thought bout those days are gone	i wish i could light something right now stressed! its a great thought bout those days are gone	0
Sometimes you need to be alone to clear your head and think. Now, all I want to do is cuddle up and cry :/ tired	Sometimes you need to be alone to clear your head and think. Now, all I want to do is cuddle up and cry :/ tired	0
A few Giants hit us this week frustrated calm realized God sent something ahead of us to defeat the giant so we can conquer it	A few Giants hit us this week frustrated calm realized God sent something ahead of us to defeat the giant so we can conquer it	0
Sad or ? Try a long walk and notice the difference when you return. We started the hashtag: MoveAMuscleChangeAThought please RT	Sad or ? Try a long walk and notice the difference when you return. We started the hashtag: MoveAMuscleChangeAThought please RT	0
At the point to where I'm just crying at every little thing that has to do with the next week. graduation senior	At the point to where I'm just crying at every little thing that has to do with the next week. graduation senior	0
If this baby cries every half hour like its doing atm, I'm gunna put it out side!	If this baby cries every half hour like its doing atm, I'm gunna put it out side!	0
On the last day before Xmas break, students gave to me,84 ungraded essays and a stressful,long weekend. SoCloseToFreedomYetSoFar	On the last day before Xmas break, students gave to me,84 ungraded essays and a stressful,long weekend. SoCloseToFreedomYetSoFar	0
Can I go back to the land of sleeping in, no school work, my family and my puppy? AKA Huntington	Can I go back to the land of sleeping in, no school work, my family and my puppy? AKA Huntington	0
My stomach has me constantly in a bad mood. I just want to go to the freaking doctors already	My stomach has me constantly in a bad mood. I just want to go to the freaking doctors already	0
I'm in one of those 'I hate everyone' moods this evening. anxiety Me too girl!	I'm in one of those 'I hate everyone' moods this evening. anxiety Me too girl!	0
Going to have a mental break down and now the post office won't give me my letter	Going to have a mental break down and now the post office won't give me my letter	0
Looks like this University is giving me a headache! Students complaining 'bout Busses and they drag their feet	Looks like this University is giving me a headache! Students complaining 'bout Busses and they drag their feet	0
I literally plan my week down to the minute. I have NO IDEA what my life would be like without my planner. overscheduled	I literally plan my week down to the minute. I have NO IDEA what my life would be like without my planner. overscheduled	0
Penicillin 4 times a day for the next 2 weeks? You have GOT to be kidding me! Insane Angry	Penicillin 4 times a day for the next 2 weeks? You have GOT to be kidding me! Insane Angry	0
2 cereal bars and a cup of tea in 15 hours is not ideal. Problems of a nurse	2 cereal bars and a cup of tea in 15 hours is not ideal. Problems of a nurse	0
The future is so unclear for me right, and in less than a few months I have to know where im going, and how im gonna get there..	The future is so unclear for me right, and in less than a few months I have to know where im going, and how im gonna get there..	0
Sometimes my mind goes crazy but I wonder a lotsometimes I wish I had the guts to ask you	Sometimes my mind goes crazy but I wonder a lotsometimes I wish I had the guts to ask you	0
I really hate the fact that i'm paying for every single thing next year, pretty much like i do now	I really hate the fact that i'm paying for every single thing next year, pretty much like i do now	0
This business project is the reason I have grey hairs at the age of 18	This business project is the reason I have grey hairs at the age of 18	0
sleep"something I would like to participate in but just cannot seem to figure that trick out lately exhausted	sleep"something I would like to participate in but just cannot seem to figure that trick out lately exhausted	0
Just "a bit" . That's the reason why I quit school. I hated the stress provoked by exams. Stress freezes my brain.	Just "a bit" . That's the reason why I quit school. I hated the stress provoked by exams. Stress freezes my brain.	0
Currently trying to do the hardest exam ever! Worst thing about it you have to keep doing it until you pass. Literally wanna cry!	Currently trying to do the hardest exam ever! Worst thing about it you have to keep doing it until you pass. Literally wanna cry!	0
BRB FREAKING OUT WINTER ENDED AND SPRING CAME AND NOW MY ENTIRE FARM IS A MESS AND THINGS ARE BREAKING AHHHHH	BRB FREAKING OUT WINTER ENDED AND SPRING CAME AND NOW MY ENTIRE FARM IS A MESS AND THINGS ARE BREAKING AHHHHH	0
That blonde moment where u put the freshmilk in the cupboard and the sugar in the fridgetotally Hate it	That blonde moment where u put the freshmilk in the cupboard and the sugar in the fridgetotally Hate it	0
Every Friday night without fail 44 is late going into town wasting money I'm paying,	Every Friday night without fail 44 is late going into town wasting money I'm paying,	0
Ahhh lost my train of thought and there's less than an hour left for the game	Ahhh lost my train of thought and there's less than an hour left for the game	0
Just had a little freak out about my wedding dress!!! I need to sleep weddingbrain	Just had a little freak out about my wedding dress!!! I need to sleep weddingbrain	0
Would it be too much to ask if I could just NOT see 4am for at least 1 day a week!??	Would it be too much to ask if I could just NOT see 4am for at least 1 day a week!??	0
I thought this year would be my year, but my luck is just getting worse and worse as the weeks go by. frustrated	I thought this year would be my year, but my luck is just getting worse and worse as the weeks go by. frustrated	0
I had a nightmare where frogs and spiders kept crawling out of my air vents while I was driving down the interstate at night and I woke up .	I had a nightmare where frogs and spiders kept crawling out of my air vents while I was driving down the interstate at night and I woke up .	0
Today has been one stress filled day flat tyre, wasp stings, traffic wardens, broken tree branches. I wish I drank alcohol	Today has been one stress filled day flat tyre, wasp stings, traffic wardens, broken tree branches. I wish I drank alcohol	0
I hate essays with a passion. Christmas break needs to hurry up and be here already	I hate essays with a passion. Christmas break needs to hurry up and be here already	0
Literally one of the worst days I have had in a while. I don't understand. :( sad	Literally one of the worst days I have had in a while. I don't understand. :( sad	0
Locked my keys in the car just before I was heading to the library to read a million cases for class tomorrow. Wtf.	Locked my keys in the car just before I was heading to the library to read a million cases for class tomorrow. Wtf.	0
I feel so awful, I just want to sleep all day but I just have so much to do ugh	I feel so awful, I just want to sleep all day but I just have so much to do ugh	0
StresSed GameDay BeatBama Can we get this game underway? I am going to have ulcers.	StresSed GameDay BeatBama Can we get this game underway? I am going to have ulcers.	0
I try so hard to do well Somehow I end up messing it up everytime	I try so hard to do well Somehow I end up messing it up everytime	0
Can anything else crazy and not good happen to my family this year? I want to curl up and break down. overwhelmed needprayers	Can anything else crazy and not good happen to my family this year? I want to curl up and break down. overwhelmed needprayers	0
going to my homeland in makati to get some magnet ~rare magnet cavite didn't have it :(	going to my homeland in makati to get some magnet ~rare magnet cavite didn't have it :(	0
Working on a paper and then back to packing. Still have so much to do and a little amount of time to do it.	Working on a paper and then back to packing. Still have so much to do and a little amount of time to do it.	0
Think Im in a nightmare. depressed anxiety lockdown furloughed COVID19 living in a crazy house Is it just me or does anyone else feel like this?	Think Im in a nightmare. depressed anxiety lockdown furloughed COVID19 living in a crazy house Is it just me or does anyone else feel like this?	0
Thanks, typically we'd just sent a mailing out for too! // hope it's back soon **	Thanks, typically we'd just sent a mailing out for too! // hope it's back soon **	0
Some people need a little bang a double decker going 46296372920 miles per hour. Ffs	Some people need a little bang a double decker going 46296372920 miles per hour. Ffs	0
I know the NHS is stretched. And its been Christmas. But almost 3 weeks waiting to hear if someone has cancer is too long.	I know the NHS is stretched. And its been Christmas. But almost 3 weeks waiting to hear if someone has cancer is too long.	0
Been so out lately. I need to just drop off the face of the earth for a few days and	Been so out lately. I need to just drop off the face of the earth for a few days and	0
I have no idea how to do this stats homework why cant my teacher teach like normal teachers	I have no idea how to do this stats homework why cant my teacher teach like normal teachers	0
Can. Not. Wait. Until exams are over! Revision will be the death of me! :(	Can. Not. Wait. Until exams are over! Revision will be the death of me! :(	0
I'm really on the verge of breaking down. I hate being accused for things I have not done.	I'm really on the verge of breaking down. I hate being accused for things I have not done.	0
Don't know if Westfield is the place for me anymore Have no clue what I'm doing with my life confused	Don't know if Westfield is the place for me anymore Have no clue what I'm doing with my life confused	0
School is literally draining every ounce of energy within me, falling asleep on the bus again  tired	School is literally draining every ounce of energy within me, falling asleep on the bus again  tired	0
I hate when your coworker microwaves some RANK ASH FOOD! Like cuzzie that smells TERRIBLE!	I hate when your coworker microwaves some RANK ASH FOOD! Like cuzzie that smells TERRIBLE!	0
So we have exactly 5 days until thanksgiving break. I have about 3 test and two projects and 1 paper!	So we have exactly 5 days until thanksgiving break. I have about 3 test and two projects and 1 paper!	0
I have a 15 page essay due next week. What do I have written? My teachers name. And it's spelled wrong	I have a 15 page essay due next week. What do I have written? My teachers name. And it's spelled wrong	0
You find every single thing just so you can get mad at me. But then you want to be nice when you want something.	You find every single thing just so you can get mad at me. But then you want to be nice when you want something.	0
I said I wasn't going to do it but I did 18 hours of college here I come! What's one more semester :(	I said I wasn't going to do it but I did 18 hours of college here I come! What's one more semester :(	0
Work is just all crazy annoying todaylike WAY MORE than normal, is this my monday?	Work is just all crazy annoying todaylike WAY MORE than normal, is this my monday?	0
School should be illegal on fridays and mondays And wednesdays And then tuesdays and thursdays as well	School should be illegal on fridays and mondays And wednesdays And then tuesdays and thursdays as well	0
Ion even smoke bt I think I need a fatty right now! tired overthinkin !	Ion even smoke bt I think I need a fatty right now! tired overthinkin !	0
It's 11:00 pm and I still have 4 paragraphs of my paper to write and somewhere to be at 6:20 am. Tired	It's 11:00 pm and I still have 4 paragraphs of my paper to write and somewhere to be at 6:20 am. Tired	0
Never thought id wake up feeling excited to write an exam letsgetthisdone ownlinguistics 1moreday graduation	Never thought id wake up feeling excited to write an exam letsgetthisdone ownlinguistics 1moreday graduation	0
So tired beyond belief.. Looks like someone is gonna be skipping the first few periods!	So tired beyond belief.. Looks like someone is gonna be skipping the first few periods!	0
Well looks like the rest of my Saturday is gonna be spent crying and sleeping.	Well looks like the rest of my Saturday is gonna be spent crying and sleeping.	0
Probably not a good idea to crack into my dads crate of beer before my interview tomorrow but it's happening.	Probably not a good idea to crack into my dads crate of beer before my interview tomorrow but it's happening.	0
Great as well as that presentation and exam on the same day. I also have to hand in an essay, for the same class as the exam :(	Great as well as that presentation and exam on the same day. I also have to hand in an essay, for the same class as the exam :(	0
Can't be bothered with this timed essay tomorrow, totally going to fail this prelim anyway sadtimes	Can't be bothered with this timed essay tomorrow, totally going to fail this prelim anyway sadtimes	0
Stupid 50 Shades Freed is driving me crazy! I'm on chapter 21 and I don't want it to end but it needs to get better! frustrated	Stupid 50 Shades Freed is driving me crazy! I'm on chapter 21 and I don't want it to end but it needs to get better! frustrated	0
i thought hell week was the week before the show.. not two weeks.. wtf annoying canibreatheplease ?	i thought hell week was the week before the show.. not two weeks.. wtf annoying canibreatheplease ?	0
why cant "aint nobody got time for that" be a valid excuse as to why i dont turn in my homework. toomuch procrasination -_-	why cant "aint nobody got time for that" be a valid excuse as to why i dont turn in my homework. toomuch procrasination -_-	0
I want to scream for three days straight then cry then sleep for the rest of eternity but what's new	I want to scream for three days straight then cry then sleep for the rest of eternity but what's new	0
I get headaches from crying.. But they're worse when I try to hold my tears in.	I get headaches from crying.. But they're worse when I try to hold my tears in.	0
I really need an ice day or snow day. Can't go to school. Don't know shit for my human bio test.	I really need an ice day or snow day. Can't go to school. Don't know shit for my human bio test.	0
I'm being pushed into overdrive with this damn situation I need to pump my brakes and cool it,, thts probably why I'm sick..	I'm being pushed into overdrive with this damn situation I need to pump my brakes and cool it,, thts probably why I'm sick..	0
Every time I think I'm not going to have a terrible week more stuff gets dumped on	Every time I think I'm not going to have a terrible week more stuff gets dumped on	0
I have a ridiculous amount of stuff coming up over the next few months and I cant do all of them!!  Iv some serious decisions to make!	I have a ridiculous amount of stuff coming up over the next few months and I cant do all of them!!  Iv some serious decisions to make!	0
My family is driving me crazy 2 days trapped in a car with them is too much! pullingmyhairout	My family is driving me crazy 2 days trapped in a car with them is too much! pullingmyhairout	0
I'm up to my neck in disappointments this weekend. Please keep in mind that the holidays don't mean the same thing for everyone.	I'm up to my neck in disappointments this weekend. Please keep in mind that the holidays don't mean the same thing for everyone.	0
Signing up for the all of these colleges just makes realise how time is passing by so fastI want it to just slow down	Signing up for the all of these colleges just makes realise how time is passing by so fastI want it to just slow down	0
I'm at an 11 and I need to take it back down to at least a 4..	I'm at an 11 and I need to take it back down to at least a 4..	0
The amount of homework im getting is unbelievable no revision at all done this week wish teachers would back off a bit!	The amount of homework im getting is unbelievable no revision at all done this week wish teachers would back off a bit!	0
Just spent an hour cleaning and doing dishes when I could have been looking over my paper that is due!!	Just spent an hour cleaning and doing dishes when I could have been looking over my paper that is due!!	0
Ugh, I hate feeling unproductive and lazy. So much to do and so little time.	Ugh, I hate feeling unproductive and lazy. So much to do and so little time.	0
Knowing I don't make so much money, how could my parents say they'll help me with school payments THEN change their minds??? wtf	Knowing I don't make so much money, how could my parents say they'll help me with school payments THEN change their minds??? wtf	0
I use the excuse that it is exam week to eat a disgusting amount of junk food	I use the excuse that it is exam week to eat a disgusting amount of junk food	0
This Scotty McCreery pandora station is the only thing keeping me from having a major melt down today.	This Scotty McCreery pandora station is the only thing keeping me from having a major melt down today.	0
Well the mock oral was terrible! Wish we had more time to revise this cause I'm never going to learn everything in two days!	Well the mock oral was terrible! Wish we had more time to revise this cause I'm never going to learn everything in two days!	0
Not a good day at all  nothing a naughty Monday night takeaway won't fix - I hope	Not a good day at all  nothing a naughty Monday night takeaway won't fix - I hope	0
If your girlfriends doesn't go to school near you should it be weird to get a pocket pussy	If your girlfriends doesn't go to school near you should it be weird to get a pocket pussy	0
Im so tired. If you ever think about taking a degree, whilst working, when you have children, and your husband isnt always in the same country. Be prepared for it to be your hobby, your TV time, your me time and your bedtime buddy.	Im so tired. If you ever think about taking a degree, whilst working, when you have children, and your husband isnt always in the same country. Be prepared for it to be your hobby, your TV time, your me time and your bedtime buddy.	0
If I get any more emotional today they'll probably have to lock me away in a padded cell. stressed emotional crazy	If I get any more emotional today they'll probably have to lock me away in a padded cell. stressed emotional crazy	0
Could really do with some time off work and just chilling with friends for a bit.	Could really do with some time off work and just chilling with friends for a bit.	0
wowwhat a bad nighthoping i can quickly get through this day so i can get back here to my bed headache anxiety	wowwhat a bad nighthoping i can quickly get through this day so i can get back here to my bed headache anxiety	0
Can I just have graduation now please? I need a stiff drink and to relax!	Can I just have graduation now please? I need a stiff drink and to relax!	0
Literally my phone rings every 2 minutes it's impossible for me to get any work done. LEAVE ME IN PEACE FOR AN HOUR PLEASE!	Literally my phone rings every 2 minutes it's impossible for me to get any work done. LEAVE ME IN PEACE FOR AN HOUR PLEASE!	0
This time next week all the waiting will be over ! :L feeling physically sick already !	This time next week all the waiting will be over ! :L feeling physically sick already !	0
Early morning start. Knocking out some work before driving back to Athens for work this morning.	Early morning start. Knocking out some work before driving back to Athens for work this morning.	0
The tents in front of the union drive me insane!!! I just wanna make it from class to class without a thousand kids in my way!!	The tents in front of the union drive me insane!!! I just wanna make it from class to class without a thousand kids in my way!!	0
Just got done with the ACT that was so hard i knew like half of the stuff..maybe! annoyed	Just got done with the ACT that was so hard i knew like half of the stuff..maybe! annoyed	0
plan was to stay in bed all day it's not even half 10 and I need to get out this house	plan was to stay in bed all day it's not even half 10 and I need to get out this house	0
Trying to figure out what to do for the rest of my life is so frustrating	Trying to figure out what to do for the rest of my life is so frustrating	0
Surgery on Thursday and I don't have even half the stuff done at work or home that needs done.	Surgery on Thursday and I don't have even half the stuff done at work or home that needs done.	0
Can school just be canceled now bc professors can't seem to email back about any assignments/tests and when the heck it's all due	Can school just be canceled now bc professors can't seem to email back about any assignments/tests and when the heck it's all due	0
I seriously need to stop worrying. But you havent talked to me and thats not helping knew this would happen.	I seriously need to stop worrying. But you havent talked to me and thats not helping knew this would happen.	0
oh nooo! Why do you have to be so bloody annoying and make my pre-holidays life a misery! So glad I am done with this establishment!	oh nooo! Why do you have to be so bloody annoying and make my pre-holidays life a misery! So glad I am done with this establishment!	0
Wait last week is finally over exhausted breaktime I need to sleep for a week	Wait last week is finally over exhausted breaktime I need to sleep for a week	0
Even after all this The only thing that can take the pain away is the person who caused it.	Even after all this The only thing that can take the pain away is the person who caused it.	0
Mad at myself for waiting till the last minute its gonna be a busy day	Mad at myself for waiting till the last minute its gonna be a busy day	0
So I switch out of one honors class and it drops all my other honors classes? How does that make sense?!	So I switch out of one honors class and it drops all my other honors classes? How does that make sense?!	0
I never get to do anything fun, cuz I'm always stuck at work. Ugh Annoying	I never get to do anything fun, cuz I'm always stuck at work. Ugh Annoying	0
i hate English. like why did you not tell us we had to test over the vocab 2morrow until today? oh wait you didnt..the sub had to.	i hate English. like why did you not tell us we had to test over the vocab 2morrow until today? oh wait you didnt..the sub had to.	0
I haven't felt this bad in a long time. please Lord, just deliver me a relaxing and peaceful day tomorrow.	I haven't felt this bad in a long time. please Lord, just deliver me a relaxing and peaceful day tomorrow.	0
I wish I could stop thinking! I'm confusing myself and it is not fun! tired	I wish I could stop thinking! I'm confusing myself and it is not fun! tired	0
I say all this then cry cause i dont want to loose you an love you too much complicated	I say all this then cry cause i dont want to loose you an love you too much complicated	0
After a frustratingly disastrous phone call with BT my day can only get better.. oh no I have to focus on my assignment	After a frustratingly disastrous phone call with BT my day can only get better.. oh no I have to focus on my assignment	0
TODAY I wouldn't mind curling up and crying for a bit, just to procrastinate the impending stress!	TODAY I wouldn't mind curling up and crying for a bit, just to procrastinate the impending stress!	0
You can no longer judge my anger by my bitchy face but by how messy my hair gets and bald patches. bitchyrestingface	You can no longer judge my anger by my bitchy face but by how messy my hair gets and bald patches. bitchyrestingface	0
So far I will only be working 3 days during all my break.. I should have left to Mexico Mad INeedAJob	So far I will only be working 3 days during all my break.. I should have left to Mexico Mad INeedAJob	0
: If it came down do it, I would choose to leave this Earth and go to heavens with my God. I need peace.	: If it came down do it, I would choose to leave this Earth and go to heavens with my God. I need peace.	0
Knew it was going to be a bad day when i got up Leave it to work to make that true..	Knew it was going to be a bad day when i got up Leave it to work to make that true..	0
Meeting cancelled again. Looks like I am going to have to look for someone less busy to code the site.	Meeting cancelled again. Looks like I am going to have to look for someone less busy to code the site.	0
Working two different jobs on complete opposite sides of town in one day sucks major ass.	Working two different jobs on complete opposite sides of town in one day sucks major ass.	0
I just need about 3 hours with Dawg and Moonie and my mood will completely change.. Horses	I just need about 3 hours with Dawg and Moonie and my mood will completely change.. Horses	0
I have so many people around me that care about me but I'm distant from all of them.	I have so many people around me that care about me but I'm distant from all of them.	0
10 hours at the daycare today and now 630-1030 at massage envy..just gotta keep telling myself $$$$$$$& stressed but could be worse!	10 hours at the daycare today and now 630-1030 at massage envy..just gotta keep telling myself $$$$$$$& stressed but could be worse!	0
Going to start leaving later for work. I got dumped with problems and I'm not even on the clock. screwThis lame	Going to start leaving later for work. I got dumped with problems and I'm not even on the clock. screwThis lame	0
After taking care of your family as a woman why is it so damn hard to properly put in the effort to take care of yourself .. thinking	After taking care of your family as a woman why is it so damn hard to properly put in the effort to take care of yourself .. thinking	0
I think Freshman Comp might actually kill me. Its going to be a long semester.	I think Freshman Comp might actually kill me. Its going to be a long semester.	0
A visit from the chocolate fairy, kinda looks like turds but ill eat em anyway. stressed	A visit from the chocolate fairy, kinda looks like turds but ill eat em anyway. stressed	0
if I can get through today without having a mental breakdown it will be a miracle	if I can get through today without having a mental breakdown it will be a miracle	0
So I've decided that I'm failing this bio test tmo.. Excuse me while I throw away all of my dreams of post secondary education	So I've decided that I'm failing this bio test tmo.. Excuse me while I throw away all of my dreams of post secondary education	0
The one day I have free I am told I have to come into workmy life is awful	The one day I have free I am told I have to come into workmy life is awful	0
So prom is tomorrow and I have no clue as to what a single one of my plans is so there's that	So prom is tomorrow and I have no clue as to what a single one of my plans is so there's that	0
Just went through a revolving door, took glasses case out of pocket - inadvertently pulled out wallet, which fell and dropped on the floor. It went under the door and the woman in the upcoming segment decided not to bend down or let me get it but instead to kick it wtf	Just went through a revolving door, took glasses case out of pocket - inadvertently pulled out wallet, which fell and dropped on the floor. It went under the door and the woman in the upcoming segment decided not to bend down or let me get it but instead to kick it wtf	0
I have to say,,, the stress of bills and simple everyday expenses add up! Makes me miss high school!	I have to say,,, the stress of bills and simple everyday expenses add up! Makes me miss high school!	0
Really wouldn't hate about 10 buddies over at the house, big ass bonfire, loud speaker, cold beer and a lip in	Really wouldn't hate about 10 buddies over at the house, big ass bonfire, loud speaker, cold beer and a lip in	0
hmac hmac hmac I can finally do range and domain questions. THE LIMIT CAN NOW FUCKING EXIST	hmac hmac hmac I can finally do range and domain questions. THE LIMIT CAN NOW FUCKING EXIST	0
I have so much homework and I work way to much this week to get everything done	I have so much homework and I work way to much this week to get everything done	0
If you see me looking at my planner and crying its normal. Don't ask questions.	If you see me looking at my planner and crying its normal. Don't ask questions.	0
Ready to get this weekend over with .. been drinking everyday for the past week and half	Ready to get this weekend over with .. been drinking everyday for the past week and half	0
this is just all too much to handle. as if i didnt have enough on my plate :/	this is just all too much to handle. as if i didnt have enough on my plate :/	0
the fact that i let little things bother me pisses me off so much.	the fact that i let little things bother me pisses me off so much.	0
Now i feel like a criminal :| I just when and almost ruined one of my frnds relationship.	Now i feel like a criminal :| I just when and almost ruined one of my frnds relationship.	0
of course the last reading I need--two days before the final is due--is so freaking long. I mean, why wouldn't it be.	of course the last reading I need--two days before the final is due--is so freaking long. I mean, why wouldn't it be.	0
Leaving for home in about 2 hours. Can't wait to relax, o I can't relax cause I still have mad fucking work to do	Leaving for home in about 2 hours. Can't wait to relax, o I can't relax cause I still have mad fucking work to do	0
People shouldn't mess with me when I have a bun in. If it's in, I usually mean serious business. 2papers projects labreports	People shouldn't mess with me when I have a bun in. If it's in, I usually mean serious business. 2papers projects labreports	0
yesterday. i slept around 4 am. and woke up at 7am. then went to school at 10 and arrived at 12. 2hrs_2hrs. stressed 8O	yesterday. i slept around 4 am. and woke up at 7am. then went to school at 10 and arrived at 12. 2hrs_2hrs. stressed 8O	0
Feeling stressed at work or with your business, here are 6 ways to deal with them!	Feeling stressed at work or with your business, here are 6 ways to deal with them!	0
I've come down with insomnia .. 10th night in a row that I cantsleep through the night. What can I do to help? advice	I've come down with insomnia .. 10th night in a row that I cantsleep through the night. What can I do to help? advice	0
The list of the things I know I wanna do with my life. HAHAHA  stressed	The list of the things I know I wanna do with my life. HAHAHA  stressed	0
I'm only halfway into my work day and I already need a cocktail.and by that I mean ten.	I'm only halfway into my work day and I already need a cocktail.and by that I mean ten.	0
Competition this past weekend, dress rehearsal tonight, show tomorrow plus a ton of homework due Can't wait for spring break.	Competition this past weekend, dress rehearsal tonight, show tomorrow plus a ton of homework due Can't wait for spring break.	0
I can't believe this is my life so sick and tired of your bullshit and lies. so	I can't believe this is my life so sick and tired of your bullshit and lies. so	0
how the hell am i supposed to decide how to co-ordinate the colours of my le creuset and kitchenaid in my imaginary kitchen	how the hell am i supposed to decide how to co-ordinate the colours of my le creuset and kitchenaid in my imaginary kitchen	0
We're all just so tired. Can we just cuddle and sleep for an eternity, runaway cuddle	We're all just so tired. Can we just cuddle and sleep for an eternity, runaway cuddle	0
Totally off routine. B is awake now instead of napping because he wanted to nap at 11am. Not sure how I will get work done.	Totally off routine. B is awake now instead of napping because he wanted to nap at 11am. Not sure how I will get work done.	0
Large wine, snack a jacks and line of duty!!  not seeing my 2 fav people is seriously hard work they keep me sain!!!	Large wine, snack a jacks and line of duty!!  not seeing my 2 fav people is seriously hard work they keep me sain!!!	0
Off work until Wednesday . Although I don't know how many more things can go wrong!!! confused. At least my iPhone isn't broke	Off work until Wednesday . Although I don't know how many more things can go wrong!!! confused. At least my iPhone isn't broke	0
Thank you to the div of a lad who wouldn't reverse to let me through which ended in me catching the side of another car!	Thank you to the div of a lad who wouldn't reverse to let me through which ended in me catching the side of another car!	0
Hate that today is my birthday because It's the last week of classes and teachers are making everything due this week	Hate that today is my birthday because It's the last week of classes and teachers are making everything due this week	0
I am really 500 years old since I age 10 years every time I watch a game!!	I am really 500 years old since I age 10 years every time I watch a game!!	0
Whenever the bus is already 15 mins late it gets stopped at every traffic light and bloody roundabout	Whenever the bus is already 15 mins late it gets stopped at every traffic light and bloody roundabout	0
I swear I can not wait when the day comes and I never have to do homework	I swear I can not wait when the day comes and I never have to do homework	0
now im under the dryer and this stupid wall is blocking me from watching the game	now im under the dryer and this stupid wall is blocking me from watching the game	0
The worst part about a first date has to be waiting in a crowded restaurant for your date to show up	The worst part about a first date has to be waiting in a crowded restaurant for your date to show up	0
Waiting for my mama and them to get back from the funeral . Then ill decide what im gone do for the day .	Waiting for my mama and them to get back from the funeral . Then ill decide what im gone do for the day .	0
haven't revised since school, but all I've been doing for the past 2 days is revise It better pay off!	haven't revised since school, but all I've been doing for the past 2 days is revise It better pay off!	0
My head hurts so bad after all of the college research I've done so far tonight	My head hurts so bad after all of the college research I've done so far tonight	0
Your when you get up at 2:30 and start cleaning your whole house.When you cleaned it just a couple of hours before!	Your when you get up at 2:30 and start cleaning your whole house.When you cleaned it just a couple of hours before!	0
be who you are and dont let other people dictate the things that you do. pink	be who you are and dont let other people dictate the things that you do. pink	0
Ask yourself if this will really matter 5 years from now? Usually the answer will be no". MaxKirsten	Ask yourself if this will really matter 5 years from now? Usually the answer will be no". MaxKirsten	0
I mean idk if its just that moment of time again or if that shyt is ACTUALLY going onkinda hard to pull out the "Pro's and Con's"	I mean idk if its just that moment of time again or if that shyt is ACTUALLY going onkinda hard to pull out the "Pro's and Con's"	0
This probably could go down in the books as the worst week ever. tired confused	This probably could go down in the books as the worst week ever. tired confused	0
I keep freaking about about my grades. I hope I pass with at least a b..b-. Getting a C or lower would KILL me :/ collegeproblems	I keep freaking about about my grades. I hope I pass with at least a b..b-. Getting a C or lower would KILL me :/ collegeproblems	0
It's official ..what I thought would work just isn't for me Ill just be a hobo idk	It's official ..what I thought would work just isn't for me Ill just be a hobo idk	0
I feel like I have a million things to do but I don't have the energy to do them. tired	I feel like I have a million things to do but I don't have the energy to do them. tired	0
Dying with a cough and cold ! Times like this I wish I had a girlfriend	Dying with a cough and cold ! Times like this I wish I had a girlfriend	0
I'm never gonna get a good night sleep it's impossible! 4 am is gonna suck!	I'm never gonna get a good night sleep it's impossible! 4 am is gonna suck!	0
I can't wait to be done with school. I'm sick of homework. It never ends. 9days	I can't wait to be done with school. I'm sick of homework. It never ends. 9days	0
Can I just live like next door to so we can have late night car vent seshes everyday?	Can I just live like next door to so we can have late night car vent seshes everyday?	0
It's bad enough my son wants me buy DC and Marvel super heroes,he should have the decency to not cross universes when playing w/them	It's bad enough my son wants me buy DC and Marvel super heroes,he should have the decency to not cross universes when playing w/them	0
If I was a pothead I would have faced at least 10 in the last 3 hours by now	If I was a pothead I would have faced at least 10 in the last 3 hours by now	0
holy fucking stressed. just had a nice little cry sesh, time to pick myself up and start again!	holy fucking stressed. just had a nice little cry sesh, time to pick myself up and start again!	0
On a bummed out note I painted my toes at maybe 4ish. and the nail polish was kinda thick.. I put socks on at maybe 6:45ish.. I took my socks off maybe at 1:10ish and some of the polish came off inside my sock.	On a bummed out note I painted my toes at maybe 4ish. and the nail polish was kinda thick.. I put socks on at maybe 6:45ish.. I took my socks off maybe at 1:10ish and some of the polish came off inside my sock.	0
Have you ever had that feeling were you really i mean really wanna kill one of your siblings cuz im going through it rn annoyed	Have you ever had that feeling were you really i mean really wanna kill one of your siblings cuz im going through it rn annoyed	0
The amount of uni work I have to do and the amount of time I don't have is unreal	The amount of uni work I have to do and the amount of time I don't have is unreal	0
A night at the batting cages to release all my stress is what I need.	A night at the batting cages to release all my stress is what I need.	0
2) this info on your website. You havent contacted me, yet im on hold in the CHRP due to this risk issue!	2) this info on your website. You havent contacted me, yet im on hold in the CHRP due to this risk issue!	0
I'm not much of a smoker but I could seriously use a burn ride right now	I'm not much of a smoker but I could seriously use a burn ride right now	0
that I'm the only one making this effort and when it comes down to it all I won't get the last say..	that I'm the only one making this effort and when it comes down to it all I won't get the last say..	0
Slept 3,5h during the past 2 nights altogether. Hoping to passout tonight and get a goodnightsleep nottired	Slept 3,5h during the past 2 nights altogether. Hoping to passout tonight and get a goodnightsleep nottired	0
I hate that my anxiety makes me feel like I'm going to vomit any second.	I hate that my anxiety makes me feel like I'm going to vomit any second.	0
Help. I need a stress reliever during the day at work that doesn't involve chain smoking cigs.	Help. I need a stress reliever during the day at work that doesn't involve chain smoking cigs.	0
Well .. I'm not even close to being done with English Honors. The reading crap . Omg.. when is that due?	Well .. I'm not even close to being done with English Honors. The reading crap . Omg.. when is that due?	0
Need to sleep. Need to study. Need to work harder. Need to focus. Oh, and can't forget to breathe every once in a while.	Need to sleep. Need to study. Need to work harder. Need to focus. Oh, and can't forget to breathe every once in a while.	0
It will be a miracle if I don't have a mental breakdown this week imgoingtodropout	It will be a miracle if I don't have a mental breakdown this week imgoingtodropout	0
At this point, I don't even care what's packed other than my phone and epi pens phoneaddict peanutboy MOVING2SPAIN 3days	At this point, I don't even care what's packed other than my phone and epi pens phoneaddict peanutboy MOVING2SPAIN 3days	0
I have the worst feeling in my stomach right now and I don't know why	I have the worst feeling in my stomach right now and I don't know why	0
Someone really has to help tell me the difference between nominativ and akkusativ -_- stressed whengermantestruinstheweekend --	Someone really has to help tell me the difference between nominativ and akkusativ -_- stressed whengermantestruinstheweekend --	0
Just when I think I've got all my ducks in a row one of those little things waddles off! frustrated	Just when I think I've got all my ducks in a row one of those little things waddles off! frustrated	0
Constant internal battle between good and bad, right and wrong, what I should and shouldn't do.	Constant internal battle between good and bad, right and wrong, what I should and shouldn't do.	0
Why do teachers think its alright to give us two papers due in the same week!!	Why do teachers think its alright to give us two papers due in the same week!!	0
My son having my bad attitude is enough to drive me insane. He is soooooo naughty sometimes.	My son having my bad attitude is enough to drive me insane. He is soooooo naughty sometimes.	0
July is a coming and June my boys gotta go back to these HS team camps where you have to pump fake before laying the ball up.	July is a coming and June my boys gotta go back to these HS team camps where you have to pump fake before laying the ball up.	0
I wanna go to sleep , But I'm scared that I'm gonna wake up && she's not gon be here anymore . Sad Depressed Scared ILoveHer .	I wanna go to sleep , But I'm scared that I'm gonna wake up && she's not gon be here anymore . Sad Depressed Scared ILoveHer .	0
Potentially the worst night at work I've ever had. Just wanna lay in bed and cry.	Potentially the worst night at work I've ever had. Just wanna lay in bed and cry.	0
Writer's block when you are juggling 4 papers is not an encouraging experience venting stressed	Writer's block when you are juggling 4 papers is not an encouraging experience venting stressed	0
If I wait till ten to get the bus I'm cutting it really close. I don't know what to do. Argh	If I wait till ten to get the bus I'm cutting it really close. I don't know what to do. Argh	0
This game might just kill me. Thank goodness our defense is keeping us in the game!!!	This game might just kill me. Thank goodness our defense is keeping us in the game!!!	0
Gemma needs to learn how to get to my house! Out half ready to meet her when I have half an hour to get home and ready fully	Gemma needs to learn how to get to my house! Out half ready to meet her when I have half an hour to get home and ready fully	0
How do you tell an 8 year old that trick or treat gas been moved to another day? Oh and we have other plans that day?	How do you tell an 8 year old that trick or treat gas been moved to another day? Oh and we have other plans that day?	0
I Feel Like Imma Be At My House 50% Less Now That My Bed Looks Like I'm Fucking 4 Feet Tall "/	I Feel Like Imma Be At My House 50% Less Now That My Bed Looks Like I'm Fucking 4 Feet Tall "/	0
As soon as somethin goes well for me.. there's always something that ruins it.. such bullshit .	As soon as somethin goes well for me.. there's always something that ruins it.. such bullshit .	0
When you have a research paper due on Thursday. And still haven't started anything. Why do I do this to myself.	When you have a research paper due on Thursday. And still haven't started anything. Why do I do this to myself.	0
Well if anyone has a clue how to get more ram for my PC please tell me !!	Well if anyone has a clue how to get more ram for my PC please tell me !!	0
study time Eish injampile no more parties or going out with friends zisha ngaDATA! !	study time Eish injampile no more parties or going out with friends zisha ngaDATA! !	0
This weather makes me wanna turn right around and go to bed all day and not worry about anything.	This weather makes me wanna turn right around and go to bed all day and not worry about anything.	0
Bout to have a major crash.. I feel like my body's running on empty..	Bout to have a major crash.. I feel like my body's running on empty..	0
Math seriously stresses me out to the point where I cry. How will I ever make it as a biochemist?	Math seriously stresses me out to the point where I cry. How will I ever make it as a biochemist?	0
At home for the evening. With all this stress I just need my parents and my boyfriend right now Confused	At home for the evening. With all this stress I just need my parents and my boyfriend right now Confused	0
Not having a good day. Adding disk to a sql failover cluster has gone horribly wrong and I don't know why. Grrr!	Not having a good day. Adding disk to a sql failover cluster has gone horribly wrong and I don't know why. Grrr!	0
I would sleep bad the night before finals week. I went to bed at 5am and still woke up before my alarm went off. nervous anxiety	I would sleep bad the night before finals week. I went to bed at 5am and still woke up before my alarm went off. nervous anxiety	0
Feel cheated by your Apple retailer and service center in Qatar. They said they replaced me with a new phone but now the authorized service center said that the phone was opened by a third party and has lots of damages inside.tricked cheated loyalcustomer	Feel cheated by your Apple retailer and service center in Qatar. They said they replaced me with a new phone but now the authorized service center said that the phone was opened by a third party and has lots of damages inside.tricked cheated loyalcustomer	0
so you've managed to mess up my business order and residential order. Worst customer service ever.	so you've managed to mess up my business order and residential order. Worst customer service ever.	0
All I can say is when I finally graduate we are all getting drunk!! So close y'all.	All I can say is when I finally graduate we are all getting drunk!! So close y'all.	0
would it be a bad idea to ditch all my classes today and just lay in bed and cry all day?	would it be a bad idea to ditch all my classes today and just lay in bed and cry all day?	0
Think everyone in the flat has realised to leave me alone for a few hours	Think everyone in the flat has realised to leave me alone for a few hours	0
So tired, stressed and upset! Presentation tomorrow..1 in 2weeks and can't even begin to imagine writing an assignment for child law!	So tired, stressed and upset! Presentation tomorrow..1 in 2weeks and can't even begin to imagine writing an assignment for child law!	0
I have 3 100 point projects due next week, I haven't even started them yet	I have 3 100 point projects due next week, I haven't even started them yet	0
I just need a break from everything. Just a few days of peace and tranquility.	I just need a break from everything. Just a few days of peace and tranquility.	0
This term is seriously chewing me up and spitting me out, what next!? finish pleeeeease	This term is seriously chewing me up and spitting me out, what next!? finish pleeeeease	0
I wish you gave me the same attention you do as all those other girls:( ugh	I wish you gave me the same attention you do as all those other girls:( ugh	0
ii HATE it wen ppl hav an issue wit u and u dnt evn knw em	ii HATE it wen ppl hav an issue wit u and u dnt evn knw em	0
My speech has to be 2 minutes long (IN SPANISH) and I only have 1:45 AGHHH I'll probably fail	My speech has to be 2 minutes long (IN SPANISH) and I only have 1:45 AGHHH I'll probably fail	0
I have just been flowed by - a guy who admires stress. Am I that easy to read? stressed	I have just been flowed by - a guy who admires stress. Am I that easy to read? stressed	0
There always seems to be something going on in my mind ugh just want everything to go blank for a little while!	There always seems to be something going on in my mind ugh just want everything to go blank for a little while!	0
Sometimes you just need to go for a late night walk blast your music and have a fuckin cigarette	Sometimes you just need to go for a late night walk blast your music and have a fuckin cigarette	0
Its just one thing after another! Poor ky ky has to have tubes put in his ears :( life's getting to be too much for me !	Its just one thing after another! Poor ky ky has to have tubes put in his ears :( life's getting to be too much for me !	0
within the next 3 day I have 3 exams, 1 quiz, 2 labs due, and a speech killmenow college	within the next 3 day I have 3 exams, 1 quiz, 2 labs due, and a speech killmenow college	0
SHIT FUCK SON OF A BITCH I STILL HAVE TO MAKE PRETZELS. I knew I was forgetting something! >;_<;	SHIT FUCK SON OF A BITCH I STILL HAVE TO MAKE PRETZELS. I knew I was forgetting something! >;_<;	0
Just woke up from a terrible dream, look at my phone, to see my ex drunk texted me. Looks like I'm laying here till work at 4am.	Just woke up from a terrible dream, look at my phone, to see my ex drunk texted me. Looks like I'm laying here till work at 4am.	0
This is so stressful! I just wanted to be all signed off and pass my first year! :( help confusing	This is so stressful! I just wanted to be all signed off and pass my first year! :( help confusing	0
Every time I think it will be different, but then you prove me wrong, it's always 1 step forward and 3 steps backwards	Every time I think it will be different, but then you prove me wrong, it's always 1 step forward and 3 steps backwards	0
Been working for like 3 hrs now finished all the homework but still have 2 pharagraphs for Kavy's paper to go.	Been working for like 3 hrs now finished all the homework but still have 2 pharagraphs for Kavy's paper to go.	0
Super tired today. I don't know about you, but I can't seem to sleep lately. nosleep	Super tired today. I don't know about you, but I can't seem to sleep lately. nosleep	0
Oh my stars I have so much to do and so little time!! Stressing me out! ahhhh overwhelmed	Oh my stars I have so much to do and so little time!! Stressing me out! ahhhh overwhelmed	0
Why does everything in my life kick up at once? :( really didn't need this today	Why does everything in my life kick up at once? :( really didn't need this today	0
I'm a senior yet it's been so long since I've been on this campus that it feels like freshman year all over again.	I'm a senior yet it's been so long since I've been on this campus that it feels like freshman year all over again.	0
Students come on Monday!!! We've been given little time to work in our classrooms! Meetings all day and having to stay late!	Students come on Monday!!! We've been given little time to work in our classrooms! Meetings all day and having to stay late!	0
Why** does everyone continue to put this all on me ! This isn't supposed to be all stressful	Why** does everyone continue to put this all on me ! This isn't supposed to be all stressful	0
It will be a miracle if I don't have a mental breakdown within the next 6 days!	It will be a miracle if I don't have a mental breakdown within the next 6 days!	0
The fact that I'm a junior and I still don't know what I wanna major in is a serious problem..	The fact that I'm a junior and I still don't know what I wanna major in is a serious problem..	0
Had every intention of going to bed early but I've seriously laid in bed for over an hour..too much on my mind overwhel	Had every intention of going to bed early but I've seriously laid in bed for over an hour..too much on my mind overwhel	0
If only the saints played the whole game You can't just play the 4th quarter!!!! It's just not fair to the fans lol !	If only the saints played the whole game You can't just play the 4th quarter!!!! It's just not fair to the fans lol !	0
I haven't broken out this bad since like ever and it's like my world is crashing down on me	I haven't broken out this bad since like ever and it's like my world is crashing down on me	0
didn't it just start?? At least you don't have to have a baby at some point durin this semester !	didn't it just start?? At least you don't have to have a baby at some point durin this semester !	0
Putting Levi to sleep is impossible when he wants to play! No Levi mommy is exhausted!	Putting Levi to sleep is impossible when he wants to play! No Levi mommy is exhausted!	0
This week I have 2 tests, clinicals, a 10 page paper that I need to finish half of, and conference championships. Kill me now.	This week I have 2 tests, clinicals, a 10 page paper that I need to finish half of, and conference championships. Kill me now.	0
I don't think I've ever been as tired as I have been these past couple weeks.	I don't think I've ever been as tired as I have been these past couple weeks.	0
Really confused and disappointed by my experience with at so far this morning. Huge disorganized lines at the few kiosks, no one telling anyone where to go/what to do. Im so surprised - whenever Ive flown Alaska out west, its been a dream.	Really confused and disappointed by my experience with at so far this morning. Huge disorganized lines at the few kiosks, no one telling anyone where to go/what to do. Im so surprised - whenever Ive flown Alaska out west, its been a dream.	0
Have 0 motivation for a long run tomorrow/this week and only 5 weeks to go	Have 0 motivation for a long run tomorrow/this week and only 5 weeks to go	0
All I do is Think about you and WORRY about you!!!! You need to wake up and realize what the fuck you're doing!	All I do is Think about you and WORRY about you!!!! You need to wake up and realize what the fuck you're doing!	0
Gonna have to start a fans only account with the world closing down. How does one make money if you dont work for the government?	Gonna have to start a fans only account with the world closing down. How does one make money if you dont work for the government?	0
Mom just rolled her eyes at me for being angry and I didnt want to be interrupted during hmwk Not this week mom. Not. This. Week.	Mom just rolled her eyes at me for being angry and I didnt want to be interrupted during hmwk Not this week mom. Not. This. Week.	0
Will be sent down for murder if my day carries on the way has been going! tired	Will be sent down for murder if my day carries on the way has been going! tired	0
This day has been so long, everything I did this morning felt like it was yesterday.	This day has been so long, everything I did this morning felt like it was yesterday.	0
I hate math, math, math, and journals I think I hate college it makes me sick feellikeshit	I hate math, math, math, and journals I think I hate college it makes me sick feellikeshit	0
I just want a day to do nothing but lay around cuddling with you;; is that too hard to ask? inlove	I just want a day to do nothing but lay around cuddling with you;; is that too hard to ask? inlove	0
So disappointed for so many reasons. Anxiety is running high and I cant sleep. Everyone is asleep	So disappointed for so many reasons. Anxiety is running high and I cant sleep. Everyone is asleep	0
I'm afraid of change, I think that's why I'm so nervous and uneasy about all of this	I'm afraid of change, I think that's why I'm so nervous and uneasy about all of this	0
The fact that work is cutting my hours because a client passed away has me stressing out to the max. I have a horse to pay for!	The fact that work is cutting my hours because a client passed away has me stressing out to the max. I have a horse to pay for!	0
I just want to take an hour long drive through the country to clear my mind.	I just want to take an hour long drive through the country to clear my mind.	0
The conversation I had with my brother made me contemplate about what career I really want to pursue.	The conversation I had with my brother made me contemplate about what career I really want to pursue.	0
I hate getting up so early, if school was at like nine, maybe I'd like school	I hate getting up so early, if school was at like nine, maybe I'd like school	0
Are you , anxious, or depressed? Dealing with abuse or trauma, self-harm, eating disorders? Maybe a troubled relationship? Lacking confidence? Confused and dont know where to go for help? Get in touch with Jazz now!	Are you , anxious, or depressed? Dealing with abuse or trauma, self-harm, eating disorders? Maybe a troubled relationship? Lacking confidence? Confused and dont know where to go for help? Get in touch with Jazz now!	0
Feel like my head is going to explode!!!! Seriously need a long relaxing bath.alchol.or preferably a holiday	Feel like my head is going to explode!!!! Seriously need a long relaxing bath.alchol.or preferably a holiday	0
My goal is to just get through tomorrow without having a mental or emotional breakdown	My goal is to just get through tomorrow without having a mental or emotional breakdown	0
sad instatags sad.tags nothappy cry crying tears instasad sadness depressed alone help hope l4l insta mood badmood moods upset	sad instatags sad.tags nothappy cry crying tears instasad sadness depressed alone help hope l4l insta mood badmood moods upset	0
fed up of being constantly tired. Cannot wait for my transfer to telford work tired moody unhappy hurryup	fed up of being constantly tired. Cannot wait for my transfer to telford work tired moody unhappy hurryup	0
Come on bud .. Stay strong .. We've gotta figure out what's wrong .. mypuppie ..	Come on bud .. Stay strong .. We've gotta figure out what's wrong .. mypuppie ..	0
Why some people think my life evolves just round them Ill never know.. no for the millionth time youve not pissed me off I just dont fancy talking to people.. alonetime headfucks peoplesuck noteverythingisaboutyou biggerthings biggerpicture	Why some people think my life evolves just round them Ill never know.. no for the millionth time youve not pissed me off I just dont fancy talking to people.. alonetime headfucks peoplesuck noteverythingisaboutyou biggerthings biggerpicture	0
Never been so run down in all my life  in need of a good pamper! sick	Never been so run down in all my life  in need of a good pamper! sick	0
Such a long day today my head is actually aching! Feel sick and dehydrated :( feel like a student nurse!	Such a long day today my head is actually aching! Feel sick and dehydrated :( feel like a student nurse!	0
I'm about 3 hours early but looks like I won't be falling back to sleep now	I'm about 3 hours early but looks like I won't be falling back to sleep now	0
Tired. Stuck in the meeting all afternoon. And now this -.-, someone needs to unwind upset	Tired. Stuck in the meeting all afternoon. And now this -.-, someone needs to unwind upset	0
My dance show is literally at thee most inconvenient time . It's the same weekend as my brother and boyfriends graduation .	My dance show is literally at thee most inconvenient time . It's the same weekend as my brother and boyfriends graduation .	0
me and mum both just said "lets open a bottle of wine" at the same time stressed hahaha	me and mum both just said "lets open a bottle of wine" at the same time stressed hahaha	0
Why do teachers feel that They need to give tests all on the same day	Why do teachers feel that They need to give tests all on the same day	0
first time feeling home sick since the beginning of uni and ive only been back 2 day	first time feeling home sick since the beginning of uni and ive only been back 2 day	0
Why is it so hard for people to choose a dress code? How the hell am I supposed to know what's too dressy	Why is it so hard for people to choose a dress code? How the hell am I supposed to know what's too dressy	0
The life of a double concentration education major! I hope I enjoy teaching since I'm putting myself through all this torture	The life of a double concentration education major! I hope I enjoy teaching since I'm putting myself through all this torture	0
Don't you hate when you have so many thoughts going on in your head and it just makes your day longer.	Don't you hate when you have so many thoughts going on in your head and it just makes your day longer.	0
I would just like to tell today that I still got a finger that works. annoyed	I would just like to tell today that I still got a finger that works. annoyed	0
I just want to drive home and spend the day firing through rounds and rounds of shells.	I just want to drive home and spend the day firing through rounds and rounds of shells.	0
Whyyyyy do you have to be like that everyyyyyyyy time I try and keep the peace	Whyyyyy do you have to be like that everyyyyyyyy time I try and keep the peace	0
Dreading my exam tomorrow  too scared of letting people down and I want to pass so bad!!!! !!!	Dreading my exam tomorrow  too scared of letting people down and I want to pass so bad!!!! !!!	0
Dear neighbours in the basement, it's the oscars, you don't need to blast it so I can follow every word from upstairs tired	Dear neighbours in the basement, it's the oscars, you don't need to blast it so I can follow every word from upstairs tired	0
Assignment 1 of 3rd year- approx 2,000 words down, only another 2,000 to go. Think I may cry toomuchwork mentalbreakdownyear	Assignment 1 of 3rd year- approx 2,000 words down, only another 2,000 to go. Think I may cry toomuchwork mentalbreakdownyear	0
Decisions are my least favorite thing in this world and somehow I have to make like 15 million in the next 48 hours stressed	Decisions are my least favorite thing in this world and somehow I have to make like 15 million in the next 48 hours stressed	0
Urgh why does January exams have to come straight after Christmas? Unfair timing of months	Urgh why does January exams have to come straight after Christmas? Unfair timing of months	0
My dissertation deadline is exactly 1 month today and I'm not even half way through :(	My dissertation deadline is exactly 1 month today and I'm not even half way through :(	0
Another night of not much sleep. Really need to work this graduation problem out. exhausted	Another night of not much sleep. Really need to work this graduation problem out. exhausted	0
ugh how can LeBron make a decision on Thursday before 11:30 pm? I never decide between brothers and cantina until AT LEAST then!	ugh how can LeBron make a decision on Thursday before 11:30 pm? I never decide between brothers and cantina until AT LEAST then!	0
The Lack Of Help I'm Getting From Some Of My Coworkers Lately Is Irritating, To Say The Least.	The Lack Of Help I'm Getting From Some Of My Coworkers Lately Is Irritating, To Say The Least.	0
Now I'm almost done with high school I can say growing up is crazy and I wish to be young and stupid and not have to pay bills	Now I'm almost done with high school I can say growing up is crazy and I wish to be young and stupid and not have to pay bills	0
If this week of school had six days I would spend the last day crying	If this week of school had six days I would spend the last day crying	0
I can't wait for the day that im officially over you. Sick and tired of being sick and tired.	I can't wait for the day that im officially over you. Sick and tired of being sick and tired.	0
Tyoooo Examz are on their way and am way too behind in terms of studying	Tyoooo Examz are on their way and am way too behind in terms of studying	0
The news I jus' got; Can it get any worse? Well yea but damn. Don't know what to do.	The news I jus' got; Can it get any worse? Well yea but damn. Don't know what to do.	0
took a nap mid writing essay because i can't cope. can't wait to hand it in and get drunk!	took a nap mid writing essay because i can't cope. can't wait to hand it in and get drunk!	0
I just feel like I am not getting anywhere with my work I cannot wait until the next 2 weeks are over and done with!!! :(	I just feel like I am not getting anywhere with my work I cannot wait until the next 2 weeks are over and done with!!! :(	0
Im so tired.. But i cant fall asleep.. I have alot of school stuff on my mind	Im so tired.. But i cant fall asleep.. I have alot of school stuff on my mind	0
I cannot find the motivation to work on this speech. I'd rather just sleep and make this headache go away.	I cannot find the motivation to work on this speech. I'd rather just sleep and make this headache go away.	0
Bored hoping it gets bad out but not too bad I have a dr appointment tomorrow since they have yet to call and tell me my results	Bored hoping it gets bad out but not too bad I have a dr appointment tomorrow since they have yet to call and tell me my results	0
I didn't get a photopass email back from warped yet. I'm just hoping it late.	I didn't get a photopass email back from warped yet. I'm just hoping it late.	0
Arrrrg I hate waking up as early as 5 as much as I hate my step mum	Arrrrg I hate waking up as early as 5 as much as I hate my step mum	0
Really looking forward to a weeks holiday but so much to do before I finish work :(	Really looking forward to a weeks holiday but so much to do before I finish work :(	0
All I can think about right now is food. I'm so sick of talking about cars.	All I can think about right now is food. I'm so sick of talking about cars.	0
You know what I miss? Sleep. Tomorrow's gunna suck. Another exam I'm not ready for.	You know what I miss? Sleep. Tomorrow's gunna suck. Another exam I'm not ready for.	0
You know what sucks Work 7 hours a day, 6 days a week and not getting paid for it ihatecoop needmoney	You know what sucks Work 7 hours a day, 6 days a week and not getting paid for it ihatecoop needmoney	0
Been so lately like no other..just avoiding the situation even tho I shouldn't b doin that..idk..	Been so lately like no other..just avoiding the situation even tho I shouldn't b doin that..idk..	0
after doing 6 hours of coursework lesson the thought of having to hand in 3 assignments by Thursday makes me wanna die	after doing 6 hours of coursework lesson the thought of having to hand in 3 assignments by Thursday makes me wanna die	0
Wish I knew what the future holdstoo stressed thinking about itI guess I will sleep when I am dead :(	Wish I knew what the future holdstoo stressed thinking about itI guess I will sleep when I am dead :(	0
Feeling a little ? Confianza is a naturally based supplement that increases your energy levels while reducing stress and	Feeling a little ? Confianza is a naturally based supplement that increases your energy levels while reducing stress and	0
You know you need a relaxed day when your mom says you have dark and baggy eyelids	You know you need a relaxed day when your mom says you have dark and baggy eyelids	0
does anyone else feel super pressured to put out music?! :( i wanna take my time (within reason) to articulate a vision and do it right, but people be out here putting out a song a week :( it makes me feel like im failing or behind	does anyone else feel super pressured to put out music?! :( i wanna take my time (within reason) to articulate a vision and do it right, but people be out here putting out a song a week :( it makes me feel like im failing or behind	0
Like what the heck does that even mean, how do I write a 5 paragraph essay about that	Like what the heck does that even mean, how do I write a 5 paragraph essay about that	0
Loool someone will take you serious you'd now be feigning confusion RT: I just want someone to squeeze meeee	Loool someone will take you serious you'd now be feigning confusion RT: I just want someone to squeeze meeee	0
ha am writing a report on obesity and all I have done is eat exams : ((	ha am writing a report on obesity and all I have done is eat exams : ((	0
As a non-driver, it's pretty hard to give directions to drivers when I'm not sure on which streets you can turn right etc.	As a non-driver, it's pretty hard to give directions to drivers when I'm not sure on which streets you can turn right etc.	0
Why ring my landline, disturbing mother, to tell me you're coming at 9.45 instead of 9.30? Especially as it's 9.55 and you're not here disability disabledlife	Why ring my landline, disturbing mother, to tell me you're coming at 9.45 instead of 9.30? Especially as it's 9.55 and you're not here disability disabledlife	0
I have officially hit my breaking point I need sleep and a long break..!!! Sick	I have officially hit my breaking point I need sleep and a long break..!!! Sick	0
got home from work, took a shower, now goin to bed and sleeping all day tomorrow. Depressed	got home from work, took a shower, now goin to bed and sleeping all day tomorrow. Depressed	0
Tomorrow may be the longest day ever, two tests and a oral presentation. I need spring break now.	Tomorrow may be the longest day ever, two tests and a oral presentation. I need spring break now.	0
Hoping a run will release some endorphins and get me out of this stressssssy mood!!	Hoping a run will release some endorphins and get me out of this stressssssy mood!!	0
Crap prom is in like a month in a half now. Fack me. I have to go shopping soon and find a date. TheStruggle	Crap prom is in like a month in a half now. Fack me. I have to go shopping soon and find a date. TheStruggle	0
Im crying because of how stressed out I am. Projects, Exams, and Tests.. Winter Break cant come any sooner	Im crying because of how stressed out I am. Projects, Exams, and Tests.. Winter Break cant come any sooner	0
I hate when I have a dream and I do something bad and I wake up feeling guilty and fearing the consequence	I hate when I have a dream and I do something bad and I wake up feeling guilty and fearing the consequence	0
The fourth term ends in a week and half of my teachers haven't posted any of my grades yet.	The fourth term ends in a week and half of my teachers haven't posted any of my grades yet.	0
SouthendHospital was like a cross between Argos and Southendairport today Everybody looked SO and sad! NOT a place toGET well!	SouthendHospital was like a cross between Argos and Southendairport today Everybody looked SO and sad! NOT a place toGET well!	0
Can't stop fidgeting or get to sleep! The end of this week could not come soon enough!	Can't stop fidgeting or get to sleep! The end of this week could not come soon enough!	0
Twelve hours spent analyzing budgets. Nine weeks to approve 92 of them. I don't know if this is possible	Twelve hours spent analyzing budgets. Nine weeks to approve 92 of them. I don't know if this is possible	0
I never really need it when I ask but please please PLEASE let this train be late getting into Brampton. I can afford to miss it.	I never really need it when I ask but please please PLEASE let this train be late getting into Brampton. I can afford to miss it.	0
Omg my anxiety and worry has consumed me this evening. Just put Beef Stew seasoning in my beans instead of Chili bean seasoning! :/	Omg my anxiety and worry has consumed me this evening. Just put Beef Stew seasoning in my beans instead of Chili bean seasoning! :/	0
Got a dissertation to finish, a 2500 word essay and revision for two exams to do and i've got two and a half weeks to do it all :/	Got a dissertation to finish, a 2500 word essay and revision for two exams to do and i've got two and a half weeks to do it all :/	0
Having one of those days where I genuinely question if I'll make it through this next month of uni. stressed	Having one of those days where I genuinely question if I'll make it through this next month of uni. stressed	0
So an update on my week from hell. I spent my morning in the urgent care and waited an hour for the doc to see me. I have a sinus infection and Stayed home another day from work. Finally my PC hard drive just took a nose dive.	So an update on my week from hell. I spent my morning in the urgent care and waited an hour for the doc to see me. I have a sinus infection and Stayed home another day from work. Finally my PC hard drive just took a nose dive.	0
2 and a half hours till I get up for work! Had 1 and a half hours sleep so far!	2 and a half hours till I get up for work! Had 1 and a half hours sleep so far!	0
I hate when people are upset and you know it but they swear that they're completely fine.	I hate when people are upset and you know it but they swear that they're completely fine.	0
After the week I had I shud really of had a beer for this match thou the way I feel I wud of been drunk after 2 knackered	After the week I had I shud really of had a beer for this match thou the way I feel I wud of been drunk after 2 knackered	0
After attending the MassWomen conference last month, I vowed to follow no phone in the bedroom rule all January to lower my stress and make good habits. Yeah, w/last nights crazy news cycle I failed miserably. itried	After attending the MassWomen conference last month, I vowed to follow no phone in the bedroom rule all January to lower my stress and make good habits. Yeah, w/last nights crazy news cycle I failed miserably. itried	0
When you are almost done with your bachelor's degree in Television and have a revelation that you might want to be a nurse	When you are almost done with your bachelor's degree in Television and have a revelation that you might want to be a nurse	0
i dont even know anymore i keep trying but you just get angry with me confused	i dont even know anymore i keep trying but you just get angry with me confused	0
I'm really about to take these next 50 minutes for me, myself, and I. SelfishMoment Exhausted	I'm really about to take these next 50 minutes for me, myself, and I. SelfishMoment Exhausted	0
from two nights of having a puppy to take care of, I now know could seriously not have a kid at this age tired haventshowered	from two nights of having a puppy to take care of, I now know could seriously not have a kid at this age tired haventshowered	0
All these sad songs about are not helping!!! Although its doin wonders for my weightloss 1/2 stone in a week!!! Heartbroken	All these sad songs about are not helping!!! Although its doin wonders for my weightloss 1/2 stone in a week!!! Heartbroken	0
id say she is well used to you at this stage haha.! its desperate.! doing it all morning and not getting anywhere :(	id say she is well used to you at this stage haha.! its desperate.! doing it all morning and not getting anywhere :(	0
Two days before prom. Andrew steps on my big toe and breaks my nail in half.	Two days before prom. Andrew steps on my big toe and breaks my nail in half.	0
show is so sad today with the poor man that left his child in the car. Please folks, please beinthemoment especially with childreninthecar please. It could happen to anyone, we're all so distracted and these days. Sending prayers to the family.	show is so sad today with the poor man that left his child in the car. Please folks, please beinthemoment especially with childreninthecar please. It could happen to anyone, we're all so distracted and these days. Sending prayers to the family.	0
June 2019 has just been horrible - K now has a concussion  - July cannot come soon enough! tiringmonth	June 2019 has just been horrible - K now has a concussion  - July cannot come soon enough! tiringmonth	0
I have been in the library since 2 studying for bio and I'm not even half way done. premedprobz stressed	I have been in the library since 2 studying for bio and I'm not even half way done. premedprobz stressed	0
You have to cut the people out of your life that make you unhappy, even if that person is your dad useless	You have to cut the people out of your life that make you unhappy, even if that person is your dad useless	0
kileeeeeg!! hihi  ito na lang stress reliever ko..  tsss! !  sad!  tired!   watching Fall In Love With Me	kileeeeeg!! hihi  ito na lang stress reliever ko..  tsss! !  sad!  tired!   watching Fall In Love With Me	0
I'm sick of this..I can't even describe my feelings towards you right now.. I'm worried about everything	I'm sick of this..I can't even describe my feelings towards you right now.. I'm worried about everything	0
Sleeeping my life away for the next few days. Life can leave me the hell alone for awhile.	Sleeeping my life away for the next few days. Life can leave me the hell alone for awhile.	0
Feeling stressed? Tuck in to one of our sticky toffee puds or choc brownies today. Why? Because stressed spelled backwards = desserts!	Feeling stressed? Tuck in to one of our sticky toffee puds or choc brownies today. Why? Because stressed spelled backwards = desserts!	0
Saturday is the only day I can sleep in and get some rest. Do I get to? No of course not. Been up since 6:50.	Saturday is the only day I can sleep in and get some rest. Do I get to? No of course not. Been up since 6:50.	0
I just wasted 7.99 paying for WiFi that cant even cope with a zoom call	I just wasted 7.99 paying for WiFi that cant even cope with a zoom call	0
QUADRICEPS: Stiff pain weak: signs of muscle. DeStress session solves the prob. Learn SelfHelp Techs	QUADRICEPS: Stiff pain weak: signs of muscle. DeStress session solves the prob. Learn SelfHelp Techs	0
I seem distracted this quarter. Idk why, not sure if it is because it is summer so I would rather be doing other things.	I seem distracted this quarter. Idk why, not sure if it is because it is summer so I would rather be doing other things.	0
How I am able to properly balance out school and life in general right now is beyond me..	How I am able to properly balance out school and life in general right now is beyond me..	0
So tired of everything just quitting on me. In need of just brand new everything, but no money.	So tired of everything just quitting on me. In need of just brand new everything, but no money.	0
Maybe if I stopped replaying the last few months over and over I could sleep	Maybe if I stopped replaying the last few months over and over I could sleep	0
Kinda just want to skip my last class and go home  todays not a good day	Kinda just want to skip my last class and go home  todays not a good day	0
I feel like I've been in school for like a month and it's been two days	I feel like I've been in school for like a month and it's been two days	0
Seriously crying myself to sleep right now. So ready for Monday to be over. I HATE being a college student.	Seriously crying myself to sleep right now. So ready for Monday to be over. I HATE being a college student.	0
If you don't text me back in the next 10 minutes im legit going to hate you more then im already starting to. angry	If you don't text me back in the next 10 minutes im legit going to hate you more then im already starting to. angry	0
Wish going to the physio was free and didn't cost the equivalent of like your first born child for a massage because I need one!	Wish going to the physio was free and didn't cost the equivalent of like your first born child for a massage because I need one!	0
Finished uni wrote some of my essay and now having cuddles with my poorly princess cuddles niece poorly uni assignment	Finished uni wrote some of my essay and now having cuddles with my poorly princess cuddles niece poorly uni assignment	0
I'm so not prepared for this crazy week ahead of me.. 2 exams. a comp. and I work full time. thisisnotok	I'm so not prepared for this crazy week ahead of me.. 2 exams. a comp. and I work full time. thisisnotok	0
2 cancelled flights in 2 days. Terrible service! Will never fly you again. unhappy expectedbetter frustrated	2 cancelled flights in 2 days. Terrible service! Will never fly you again. unhappy expectedbetter frustrated	0
you don't realize how much crap you have in your room until you have to start packing for uni..	you don't realize how much crap you have in your room until you have to start packing for uni..	0
I am seriously so stressed out about everything and anything right now. This really sucks!!!	I am seriously so stressed out about everything and anything right now. This really sucks!!!	0
La la la la. It's 4:18 am and I still can't sleep. Got my last exam in 12 hours.	La la la la. It's 4:18 am and I still can't sleep. Got my last exam in 12 hours.	0
Well incase you didn't know the library is closed on Fridays in the summer The procrastination continues	Well incase you didn't know the library is closed on Fridays in the summer The procrastination continues	0
Getting an A+ grade in the mid of the sem is stressful. It requires more effort to make the grade last till end of term.	Getting an A+ grade in the mid of the sem is stressful. It requires more effort to make the grade last till end of term.	0
Come on I need you too tweet me cus um I love you but besides that I will stalk you if you don't tweet me :(	Come on I need you too tweet me cus um I love you but besides that I will stalk you if you don't tweet me :(	0
You know things are bad when you wake up at 3am and start doing uni work. Who puts a deadline a week before dissertation?!	You know things are bad when you wake up at 3am and start doing uni work. Who puts a deadline a week before dissertation?!	0
I had a dream last night that I punched an old man in the face I'm afraid to sleep now in case I punch someone else	I had a dream last night that I punched an old man in the face I'm afraid to sleep now in case I punch someone else	0
I find that funny how i could be in a life or death situation and he cant even listen to my feelings about it	I find that funny how i could be in a life or death situation and he cant even listen to my feelings about it	0
I hate having to struggle to stay on top of my bills. I need a new job	I hate having to struggle to stay on top of my bills. I need a new job	0
Headache again :( gosh had more stupid headaches in this past year than any year. :(	Headache again :( gosh had more stupid headaches in this past year than any year. :(	0
on top of everything i'm now getting sick, seriously?! i can't afford to get sick right now..maybe more homework therapy will help	on top of everything i'm now getting sick, seriously?! i can't afford to get sick right now..maybe more homework therapy will help	0
I seriously can't deal with anything. if I could I'd smoke a carton a day	I seriously can't deal with anything. if I could I'd smoke a carton a day	0
An hour and a half left of this class! I need spring break ! What is even going on in this class?	An hour and a half left of this class! I need spring break ! What is even going on in this class?	0
My baby is not a very crying baby and my cousin will be visiting for a month with her crying baby	My baby is not a very crying baby and my cousin will be visiting for a month with her crying baby	0
It's a daily struggle trying to meet the expectations of The Satanic Elite. I think they have an attitude	It's a daily struggle trying to meet the expectations of The Satanic Elite. I think they have an attitude	0
just 2 more weeks of summer school, I can do this, but I have so much work to do :'( :'( :'(	just 2 more weeks of summer school, I can do this, but I have so much work to do :'( :'( :'(	0
filling in forms and i cant ever remember what forename and surname are in my name. always have to search it. awful	filling in forms and i cant ever remember what forename and surname are in my name. always have to search it. awful	0
Soon as I get home I'm going to eat all the fatty foods and play video games	Soon as I get home I'm going to eat all the fatty foods and play video games	0
So disappointed with this is the very last car I have from them! The worst thing is not being called back!	So disappointed with this is the very last car I have from them! The worst thing is not being called back!	0
Feeling because I know my mother is unhappy with me. But I have to do what I want. I can't give in an do what she wants me to do. It's my life.	Feeling because I know my mother is unhappy with me. But I have to do what I want. I can't give in an do what she wants me to do. It's my life.	0
Got bored, just wanted to blow some money on more winter clothes. Gets to Town Centre, It's PACKED. cool	Got bored, just wanted to blow some money on more winter clothes. Gets to Town Centre, It's PACKED. cool	0
Every one is settling down and I'm trying to do the same but its the most difficult thing I have done in a long time	Every one is settling down and I'm trying to do the same but its the most difficult thing I have done in a long time	0
Bloody but unbowed." That line is so real to my life at this very moment.	Bloody but unbowed." That line is so real to my life at this very moment.	0
Pretty much it goes like: I love you, and I hate myself for it :/	Pretty much it goes like: I love you, and I hate myself for it :/	0
Are you holding yourself back? It is time to release yourself from stress? stressed exhausted worrying empowering	Are you holding yourself back? It is time to release yourself from stress? stressed exhausted worrying empowering	0
Well my aim to do loads of uni work today certainly didn't go to plan today :/	Well my aim to do loads of uni work today certainly didn't go to plan today :/	0
It's 2:00 a.m and I have a feeling I won't get any sleep tonight. :/	It's 2:00 a.m and I have a feeling I won't get any sleep tonight. :/	0
Ready for this weekend. Tomorrow is singing hands. Then I'm going to just relax this weekend. confused	Ready for this weekend. Tomorrow is singing hands. Then I'm going to just relax this weekend. confused	0
So frustrating when you save a file then can't find it anywhere on your computer!!!	So frustrating when you save a file then can't find it anywhere on your computer!!!	0
Did all three of my best friends ask to hang out while I slept in? Wtf wtf wtf	Did all three of my best friends ask to hang out while I slept in? Wtf wtf wtf	0
I paid extra to have outfits delivered today for my performance tomorrow, only to be told just now that there's been a "slight" delay, meaning it won't arrive til MONDAY! Please refund my money asap as I now have to get new outfit!	I paid extra to have outfits delivered today for my performance tomorrow, only to be told just now that there's been a "slight" delay, meaning it won't arrive til MONDAY! Please refund my money asap as I now have to get new outfit!	0
Return home to find the freezer door not shut properly and everything partially defrosted. Having a slight breakdown	Return home to find the freezer door not shut properly and everything partially defrosted. Having a slight breakdown	0
ugh I'm done with people right now.I just can't even try understanding this stuff no more -_-	ugh I'm done with people right now.I just can't even try understanding this stuff no more -_-	0
I'm ready to go to this play Hopefully it will get me in a better mood than I am in todaywasnotmyday stressed confused Girls are stress	I'm ready to go to this play Hopefully it will get me in a better mood than I am in todaywasnotmyday stressed confused Girls are stress	0
I'm in such a horrible mood today so I apologise in advanced if anyone has seen me or might see me and I was awful moodybitch	I'm in such a horrible mood today so I apologise in advanced if anyone has seen me or might see me and I was awful moodybitch	0
i was too sad to do hw last night, but my professor cancelled the quiz and showed a documentary in	i was too sad to do hw last night, but my professor cancelled the quiz and showed a documentary in	0
I'm so done with scholarships and all these stupid interviews and deadlines, just make college free	I'm so done with scholarships and all these stupid interviews and deadlines, just make college free	0
Instagram is down!! What will I do with all my food, dog, kid and selfie pictures?	Instagram is down!! What will I do with all my food, dog, kid and selfie pictures?	0
out, and I haven't even started packing yet I mean, seriously?! Thank goodness for tea, or Coke, hot showers, and books!	out, and I haven't even started packing yet I mean, seriously?! Thank goodness for tea, or Coke, hot showers, and books!	0
What with someone's upcoming birthday and work my "flight or fight" radar is definitely on flight!! anxious	What with someone's upcoming birthday and work my "flight or fight" radar is definitely on flight!! anxious	0
finish worked at half 7 only now having my tea then am going to bed	finish worked at half 7 only now having my tea then am going to bed	0
So stressed you could scream? This simple strategy can take you from panic to peace in a single phrase".	So stressed you could scream? This simple strategy can take you from panic to peace in a single phrase".	0
Feel like I'm going to have a mental breakdown, and I don't even know why.	Feel like I'm going to have a mental breakdown, and I don't even know why.	0
Job hunting getting me down again :-( Am gonna have to take a break or I'm gonna pull my hair out!	Job hunting getting me down again :-( Am gonna have to take a break or I'm gonna pull my hair out!	0
I'm not good at dealing with uncertainty in my life, and I've got plenty of that right now.	I'm not good at dealing with uncertainty in my life, and I've got plenty of that right now.	0
Between planning a trip to Europe, being an event intern, midterms, work, and keeping up with friends I'm about to go crazy	Between planning a trip to Europe, being an event intern, midterms, work, and keeping up with friends I'm about to go crazy	0
i wish i didnt have class so i could study all day instead of this stupid s**t	i wish i didnt have class so i could study all day instead of this stupid s**t	0
omg i hate falling out with my family makes me so upset and stressed dont need this sad	omg i hate falling out with my family makes me so upset and stressed dont need this sad	0
God, why have I got a cold sore and a massive spot on my face? You know I have a lot going on this coming week?	God, why have I got a cold sore and a massive spot on my face? You know I have a lot going on this coming week?	0
Wtf my love Zayn is not following my other loves Luke and Ashton? Why did Zayn unfollowed them wtf wtf wtf. ?!	Wtf my love Zayn is not following my other loves Luke and Ashton? Why did Zayn unfollowed them wtf wtf wtf. ?!	0
One of our cleaners os not well :-( Been running around all day trying to find replacements/ move the bookings around.	One of our cleaners os not well :-( Been running around all day trying to find replacements/ move the bookings around.	0
Thanks for adding an unexpected 800 cost to our wedding budget with your delays, lost luggage and indifferent customer service replies	Thanks for adding an unexpected 800 cost to our wedding budget with your delays, lost luggage and indifferent customer service replies	0
I don't know if I've ever looked forward to a weekend as much as a am at this moment InPain NeedRandR Tired	I don't know if I've ever looked forward to a weekend as much as a am at this moment InPain NeedRandR Tired	0
Theres more friction between my thighs than there was between the Soviet Union and the US during the cold war	Theres more friction between my thighs than there was between the Soviet Union and the US during the cold war	0
So still on my hair and have got a studio session. :( stressed @ Omole estate	So still on my hair and have got a studio session. :( stressed @ Omole estate	0
The amount of stress I gain by trying to make my college decision is completely unhealthy.	The amount of stress I gain by trying to make my college decision is completely unhealthy.	0
Where can I make my own invitations where it won't be expensive or take forever to get?? Help please asap!!	Where can I make my own invitations where it won't be expensive or take forever to get?? Help please asap!!	0
You somehow manage to turn everything I say into a lecture about school and getting 100% in everything	You somehow manage to turn everything I say into a lecture about school and getting 100% in everything	0
i honestly dont know if God is punishing me or testing me right now .	i honestly dont know if God is punishing me or testing me right now .	0
All I want to do after a long day at work is come home, turn on my Xbox and play/stream. Why does it seem like every time I do this there is yet another update? Feeling super frustrated, just ranting is all. overit	All I want to do after a long day at work is come home, turn on my Xbox and play/stream. Why does it seem like every time I do this there is yet another update? Feeling super frustrated, just ranting is all. overit	0
I wish I could function with no sleep. I have so much school work to do this weekend. Too bad I can't pull off all nighters.	I wish I could function with no sleep. I have so much school work to do this weekend. Too bad I can't pull off all nighters.	0
Even though it's only been 2 days, I HATE working and going to college at the same time	Even though it's only been 2 days, I HATE working and going to college at the same time	0
listening to some creepy sounds, jumpscares, horror stuffs. tas nakaearphones pa and patay ilaw. Ka	listening to some creepy sounds, jumpscares, horror stuffs. tas nakaearphones pa and patay ilaw. Ka	0
very disappointed poor customer service don't even acknowledge correspondence and victim of 3rd party damage	very disappointed poor customer service don't even acknowledge correspondence and victim of 3rd party damage	0
So me trey rob jah have to do a mine but I rather me and trey and rob Becuh all three of us can why not mines to hard.	So me trey rob jah have to do a mine but I rather me and trey and rob Becuh all three of us can why not mines to hard.	0
sent 10 emails before 6:15 a.m. feeling productive but i might regret this later when i'm exhausted at 10am	sent 10 emails before 6:15 a.m. feeling productive but i might regret this later when i'm exhausted at 10am	0
stressed Feeling beat down having to pursue something I hate at school rather then continuing to work on what I truly love	stressed Feeling beat down having to pursue something I hate at school rather then continuing to work on what I truly love	0
midterms got me not being able to sleep for more than 2 hours at a time	midterms got me not being able to sleep for more than 2 hours at a time	0
There is always that special person that no matter what they've done to you, you just can't let them go confused	There is always that special person that no matter what they've done to you, you just can't let them go confused	0
Wat was a fun day turned out to get worse now im locked out my house and i dnt have my keys	Wat was a fun day turned out to get worse now im locked out my house and i dnt have my keys	0
Ugh so I have to buckle down and look for colleges but I'm like allergic to school is that a legit excuse to never go ?	Ugh so I have to buckle down and look for colleges but I'm like allergic to school is that a legit excuse to never go ?	0
Signing off of Twitter in the next day or two. Just tired of all the drama over here. I don't need to be this over SocialMedia. It has beeninteresting.	Signing off of Twitter in the next day or two. Just tired of all the drama over here. I don't need to be this over SocialMedia. It has beeninteresting.	0
I hate how the class that stresses me out more than anything is one I dont actually need for grad school but just for wsu.. iquit	I hate how the class that stresses me out more than anything is one I dont actually need for grad school but just for wsu.. iquit	0
It really screwed me up tonight. It's impossible to work when your mind is somewhere different. NoFocus	It really screwed me up tonight. It's impossible to work when your mind is somewhere different. NoFocus	0
I can't go back to sleep but I'm so tired my eyes hurt help sotired	I can't go back to sleep but I'm so tired my eyes hurt help sotired	0
I have a college essay for English due in 4 hours and I still don't know what to write about!	I have a college essay for English due in 4 hours and I still don't know what to write about!	0
Someone should totally write my comp paper for me. So much to do in so little time.	Someone should totally write my comp paper for me. So much to do in so little time.	0
All summer long I didn't break out and now that school started.. I broke out. :(	All summer long I didn't break out and now that school started.. I broke out. :(	0
Feeling pathetic because im stressing over my first GCSE GodHelpMe when it comes to the end of Year11 Exams	Feeling pathetic because im stressing over my first GCSE GodHelpMe when it comes to the end of Year11 Exams	0
Worst day of my life right now. Car died. What else can happen to me right now?!	Worst day of my life right now. Car died. What else can happen to me right now?!	0
I need a dang job already. Why do I have to be so shakey and nervous during interviews?!?!?! :( interview whatswrongwithme	I need a dang job already. Why do I have to be so shakey and nervous during interviews?!?!?! :( interview whatswrongwithme	0
When things in life get you down Sometimes it sends a pair of boots to stomp on you repeatedly too	When things in life get you down Sometimes it sends a pair of boots to stomp on you repeatedly too	0
Did I mention I absolutely hate the cold? Cause I do, oh that and blistering winds.	Did I mention I absolutely hate the cold? Cause I do, oh that and blistering winds.	0
Today was such a pointless day I've been on FaceTime with destini literally all day and laying in bed	Today was such a pointless day I've been on FaceTime with destini literally all day and laying in bed	0
the fear i have of waking up one autumn morning and being too pale for my summer foundation	the fear i have of waking up one autumn morning and being too pale for my summer foundation	0
Playing on 2 soccer teams, working, school and moving houses at the moment is way to much for me tired needabreak :(	Playing on 2 soccer teams, working, school and moving houses at the moment is way to much for me tired needabreak :(	0
I feel sick to my stomach. everyone is finding out that they got in places that I applied to and I'm not hearing anything.	I feel sick to my stomach. everyone is finding out that they got in places that I applied to and I'm not hearing anything.	0
Dance was my escape. I am really missing it. If I wasn't risking permanent injury I would dance all night. thestruggle	Dance was my escape. I am really missing it. If I wasn't risking permanent injury I would dance all night. thestruggle	0
stressed with a smile on my face. True Virgo always gotta stayStrong for the Team	stressed with a smile on my face. True Virgo always gotta stayStrong for the Team	0
I seriously cannot wait till after April 1st. I just want to know about Devon already	I seriously cannot wait till after April 1st. I just want to know about Devon already	0
I know Im going to be one of those stressed out dads cause my dog had a small little bump and I freaked out and took him to the vet dadlife doglife marty	I know Im going to be one of those stressed out dads cause my dog had a small little bump and I freaked out and took him to the vet dadlife doglife marty	0
I've been feeling like shit for the past couple of days and now is not the time. Finals on Monday and I haven't started studying	I've been feeling like shit for the past couple of days and now is not the time. Finals on Monday and I haven't started studying	0
I must say, this is the worst day I've had in close to a year.	I must say, this is the worst day I've had in close to a year.	0
Well slowly but surely all this will be over with and ill be in Florida	Well slowly but surely all this will be over with and ill be in Florida	0
feel like I'm being sent into war without a gun before every one of these bloody exams, thank god tomorrow is finally the last!	feel like I'm being sent into war without a gun before every one of these bloody exams, thank god tomorrow is finally the last!	0
Today has been more business talks and serious discussions than the whole of my 2015! Stressed iNeedToThink	Today has been more business talks and serious discussions than the whole of my 2015! Stressed iNeedToThink	0
When i'm or emotional I turn to music as a release and I meditate usually to	When i'm or emotional I turn to music as a release and I meditate usually to	0
Tomorrow will consist of reconvening my job search and endlessly applying, applying, applying! Wish me luck angels and forgive me if I seem a bit absent from time to time!  bloggerstribe bloggers lbloggers jobsearch	Tomorrow will consist of reconvening my job search and endlessly applying, applying, applying! Wish me luck angels and forgive me if I seem a bit absent from time to time!  bloggerstribe bloggers lbloggers jobsearch	0
Why does the biggest football game of the year always have to involve Alabama ? alabamafanproblems	Why does the biggest football game of the year always have to involve Alabama ? alabamafanproblems	0
Why does transferring have to be so complicated and why doesn't my coach do everything for me anymore??	Why does transferring have to be so complicated and why doesn't my coach do everything for me anymore??	0
can you give me some kind of consideration, please! >;_<; u know na hindi ako pwede pg Sunday :'( .. still lot of stuff to do ..	can you give me some kind of consideration, please! >;_<; u know na hindi ako pwede pg Sunday :'( .. still lot of stuff to do ..	0
I hope this shift would be way way way much better than yesterday's shift. Last night's shift was a crap!	I hope this shift would be way way way much better than yesterday's shift. Last night's shift was a crap!	0
If my mental state isnt 100% why do people keep poking and making jokes about me. annoyed	If my mental state isnt 100% why do people keep poking and making jokes about me. annoyed	0
is tired, , exhausted and in need of a hug. If only I could see the light at the end of the	is tired, , exhausted and in need of a hug. If only I could see the light at the end of the	0
When ur driving test gets cancelled and u have to wait another 2 months for it  and the worse thing is, my theory test runs out the day after.. so I really need to pass this time	When ur driving test gets cancelled and u have to wait another 2 months for it  and the worse thing is, my theory test runs out the day after.. so I really need to pass this time	0
GameOfThronesSeason6 edgeofseat Season 6 opener and I need to know what happens about EVERYTHING! So desperate for episode 2	GameOfThronesSeason6 edgeofseat Season 6 opener and I need to know what happens about EVERYTHING! So desperate for episode 2	0
The worst part about being sick is not being able to work out  Working out is my Zoloft, my Valium, and my anger management class	The worst part about being sick is not being able to work out  Working out is my Zoloft, my Valium, and my anger management class	0
I'm not sure today could go any worse. Lilly's screaming at me while trying to write and re-write test cases is not helping.	I'm not sure today could go any worse. Lilly's screaming at me while trying to write and re-write test cases is not helping.	0
Facebook or Calculus or Piano or Twitter or Cake Boss or Grey's Anatomy or College Applications or Reviews or Physics?	Facebook or Calculus or Piano or Twitter or Cake Boss or Grey's Anatomy or College Applications or Reviews or Physics?	0
When the first thing you do when you get home is go up to your room and cry	When the first thing you do when you get home is go up to your room and cry	0
since returning I've been working like crazy setting up my notes and samples for analysis and publication	since returning I've been working like crazy setting up my notes and samples for analysis and publication	0
Have you ever been so tired and stressed you cried at McDonalds when you accidentally got pop on your hand crying yesIdidThat	Have you ever been so tired and stressed you cried at McDonalds when you accidentally got pop on your hand crying yesIdidThat	0
Please tell me already! I don't know how much longer I can wait! HopeIsFading Worried	Please tell me already! I don't know how much longer I can wait! HopeIsFading Worried	0
please someone tell me that im not the only person where they have lectures clashing with practicals of other classes?	please someone tell me that im not the only person where they have lectures clashing with practicals of other classes?	0
Working 16 hours almost every day for 2 weeks is not going to be fun exhausted and	Working 16 hours almost every day for 2 weeks is not going to be fun exhausted and	0
Having mock presentations and spanish final on the same day is probably one of the worst class combinations I could think of.	Having mock presentations and spanish final on the same day is probably one of the worst class combinations I could think of.	0
It really sucks that I been putting myself through college by myself. Working multiple jobs just to pay tuition	It really sucks that I been putting myself through college by myself. Working multiple jobs just to pay tuition	0
WHAT kind of teacher makes ONE very vague paper count for 40 points of your final grade.	WHAT kind of teacher makes ONE very vague paper count for 40 points of your final grade.	0
If anyone can recover missing files on a Mac, i need help in the most extreme way	If anyone can recover missing files on a Mac, i need help in the most extreme way	0
These next couple of weeks are going to suck. Attempting to prepare myself for the mental breakdowns	These next couple of weeks are going to suck. Attempting to prepare myself for the mental breakdowns	0
All Im focused on at the moment is feeling normal but at this point I am not sure what that feels like.	All Im focused on at the moment is feeling normal but at this point I am not sure what that feels like.	0
Still gotta get my spring schedule done since 2/5 class of mine were closed fml	Still gotta get my spring schedule done since 2/5 class of mine were closed fml	0
This has been the most up and down day ever, overall feeling NotGood Annoyed Angry Tired Hurt	This has been the most up and down day ever, overall feeling NotGood Annoyed Angry Tired Hurt	0
It's only tues and I just want to hibernate from the world already  youngcarer tired	It's only tues and I just want to hibernate from the world already  youngcarer tired	0
Ugh. I had such a good day today. Now I'm in such a spiteful, bitchy mood. And I don't even know why. frustrated	Ugh. I had such a good day today. Now I'm in such a spiteful, bitchy mood. And I don't even know why. frustrated	0
I never wear earrings, so this morning when I only remembered to put one on, I was completely justified. Logic	I never wear earrings, so this morning when I only remembered to put one on, I was completely justified. Logic	0
I'm never gonna get those grades up no matter how much I try /.\ :(	I'm never gonna get those grades up no matter how much I try /.\ :(	0
Just smoked 3 cigarettes after each other, lighting the 2nd with the 1st and 3rd with the 2nd	Just smoked 3 cigarettes after each other, lighting the 2nd with the 1st and 3rd with the 2nd	0
Off to my casual job. If only a career in acting was as respectable in Australia as it is overseas. actorslife	Off to my casual job. If only a career in acting was as respectable in Australia as it is overseas. actorslife	0
This year is really stressing me out my classes are hard no matter how hard I study and everything iscoming at me so fast :( help	This year is really stressing me out my classes are hard no matter how hard I study and everything iscoming at me so fast :( help	0
UP27 late AGAIN. Had to drive in AGAIN. 1st day of term. What am I paying for?? COME ON. firstdayofschool	UP27 late AGAIN. Had to drive in AGAIN. 1st day of term. What am I paying for?? COME ON. firstdayofschool	0
I just need to be held tight and told that everything will be alright sadface	I just need to be held tight and told that everything will be alright sadface	0
I really shouldn't be needing to do this much work to plan my bachelorette party. Ugh. frustrated	I really shouldn't be needing to do this much work to plan my bachelorette party. Ugh. frustrated	0
Why is it so difficult to find sources for animal science in the librarythis is an agricultural school	Why is it so difficult to find sources for animal science in the librarythis is an agricultural school	0
I think I may start smoking, either that or I'm going to throw myself in front of a very heavy train.	I think I may start smoking, either that or I'm going to throw myself in front of a very heavy train.	0
Two quizzes in spanish, a quiz in anatomy, and a test in american studies tomorrow.	Two quizzes in spanish, a quiz in anatomy, and a test in american studies tomorrow.	0
fuck fuck fuck fuck maths ew projects maths i hate you why cant i do it	fuck fuck fuck fuck maths ew projects maths i hate you why cant i do it	0
So I finally complete my ripping of the Pertwee stories after my hard drive destroyed them same error comes about and wipes them again! DoctorWho	So I finally complete my ripping of the Pertwee stories after my hard drive destroyed them same error comes about and wipes them again! DoctorWho	0
Think when I get home im going to spend time with my family and nobody else. Tired of the bullshit	Think when I get home im going to spend time with my family and nobody else. Tired of the bullshit	0
Feel like calling out of work bc I have so much hw due tomorrow nd not even half of it is done	Feel like calling out of work bc I have so much hw due tomorrow nd not even half of it is done	0
Since it's been a long week and tomorrow is my only day off I don't see why I need to get out of bed sleepy	Since it's been a long week and tomorrow is my only day off I don't see why I need to get out of bed sleepy	0
getting crazier than ever b'cause next week is the standardized testt arhh stressed maths science	getting crazier than ever b'cause next week is the standardized testt arhh stressed maths science	0
Why does the beginning of the week always look so hopeless?! So much to do, so little time!	Why does the beginning of the week always look so hopeless?! So much to do, so little time!	0
First I have a religion unit test,then a science test,and a literature test on four short stories! Omg I have to study	First I have a religion unit test,then a science test,and a literature test on four short stories! Omg I have to study	0
I've only been in my new job for a week and a half and already I'm working weekends and still behind.	I've only been in my new job for a week and a half and already I'm working weekends and still behind.	0
Arg!!! Can not sleep  on a overnight busybusy To much on my mind stressed, ache all over.	Arg!!! Can not sleep  on a overnight busybusy To much on my mind stressed, ache all over.	0
I think I know business studies until I look at past papers then feel like crying. Why did I choose it for a level again.	I think I know business studies until I look at past papers then feel like crying. Why did I choose it for a level again.	0
Rent is due, cell phone is due, electric is due and unemployment hasnt came through	Rent is due, cell phone is due, electric is due and unemployment hasnt came through	0
Skipped breakfast, didn't want lunch, munch on a few crackers and sick at the thought of dinner	Skipped breakfast, didn't want lunch, munch on a few crackers and sick at the thought of dinner	0
I am seriously going to pull my hair out if I don't find a Prom dress soon !!!	I am seriously going to pull my hair out if I don't find a Prom dress soon !!!	0
it took me 20 minutes to get to business, should have only took me 10, I hate this fucking weather	it took me 20 minutes to get to business, should have only took me 10, I hate this fucking weather	0
Sick of my sister whining to get her own way.. I have a dissertation and three ad campaigns to be doing and I get no sympathy	Sick of my sister whining to get her own way.. I have a dissertation and three ad campaigns to be doing and I get no sympathy	0
I'm so fed up of dealing with these stupid house bills! Seriously sort it out!	I'm so fed up of dealing with these stupid house bills! Seriously sort it out!	0
Seriously ?? I try and book one week later (still 14 weeks ahead) and the price goes up $260 a person? insane	Seriously ?? I try and book one week later (still 14 weeks ahead) and the price goes up $260 a person? insane	0
I picked a bad year to give up smoking! Grrrnotsmoking givingup keepitup losingwilltolive losingmymind reasontostayatit	I picked a bad year to give up smoking! Grrrnotsmoking givingup keepitup losingwilltolive losingmymind reasontostayatit	0
I wish I was one of those people who could complain about having nothing to do. I've never enough time to be bored thingstodo	I wish I was one of those people who could complain about having nothing to do. I've never enough time to be bored thingstodo	0
I can't wait to get out of this town to start a semi new life Cause I'm done with Dalton and the people here Annoyed	I can't wait to get out of this town to start a semi new life Cause I'm done with Dalton and the people here Annoyed	0
If you're not happy then you need to tell me so I can move on and leave you alone.	If you're not happy then you need to tell me so I can move on and leave you alone.	0
In that impossible spot where I gotta choose to see family or friends. Wish I had more time down here	In that impossible spot where I gotta choose to see family or friends. Wish I had more time down here	0
Can I crawl in a hole and not come out till about may 11th? Maybe my life would have slowed down by then.	Can I crawl in a hole and not come out till about may 11th? Maybe my life would have slowed down by then.	0
it's lookin up and that's a start, might not be on the radio but this is art and I just wanna get by that's the biggest	it's lookin up and that's a start, might not be on the radio but this is art and I just wanna get by that's the biggest	0
With the biggest test of my life 4 days away I am .2 seconds away from a breakdown every other minute! NPTExam	With the biggest test of my life 4 days away I am .2 seconds away from a breakdown every other minute! NPTExam	0
We should make time for intentional breathing everyday. Often we hold our breath when we are overwhelmed, , or anxious. Remember to exhale so that you can release the negativity and make space for all the positivity life has to offer. teachpos	We should make time for intentional breathing everyday. Often we hold our breath when we are overwhelmed, , or anxious. Remember to exhale so that you can release the negativity and make space for all the positivity life has to offer. teachpos	0
Today has just not been my day. I'm gonna need some serious grace to get through until 10:30. Exhausted	Today has just not been my day. I'm gonna need some serious grace to get through until 10:30. Exhausted	0
1 exam down. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam	1 exam down. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam	0
Had my first brake down about the wedding today. Have a feeling it could be the first of many.	Had my first brake down about the wedding today. Have a feeling it could be the first of many.	0
Imagine every single gyal u dm sent u no1 even had the decency to send u .	Imagine every single gyal u dm sent u no1 even had the decency to send u .	0
Went to get wine 2night. Had to show 3proofs of ID cos he was convinced I was 12. Maybe it's because of how broken out my face is.	Went to get wine 2night. Had to show 3proofs of ID cos he was convinced I was 12. Maybe it's because of how broken out my face is.	0
depressed angry This was my day. A tough one that I'm glad is over. Though I don't hold high hopes for tomorrow.	depressed angry This was my day. A tough one that I'm glad is over. Though I don't hold high hopes for tomorrow.	0
So I get to work to be the opener for the first time, and someone didn't put the key back in the lock. Opened and hour late today.	So I get to work to be the opener for the first time, and someone didn't put the key back in the lock. Opened and hour late today.	0
Wow our Internet would go out half an hr before my hw is due. irritated	Wow our Internet would go out half an hr before my hw is due. irritated	0
Lapho chiiii umsebenzi ("-_-) " : RT !!!! " : I'm finding it so hard to study for my last exam	Lapho chiiii umsebenzi ("-_-) " : RT !!!! " : I'm finding it so hard to study for my last exam	0
Those days where you just want to cry so you sit down and watch a sad movie and wallow in self pity sad	Those days where you just want to cry so you sit down and watch a sad movie and wallow in self pity sad	0
Had quite a nice chilled weekend planned - funny how one email can change all that	Had quite a nice chilled weekend planned - funny how one email can change all that	0
When I can't sleep I think about all the negative things that happened to me..	When I can't sleep I think about all the negative things that happened to me..	0
Finals on Friday and I'm not even half way done with one of my classes. Lord help me.	Finals on Friday and I'm not even half way done with one of my classes. Lord help me.	0
My lip is bleeding. But I aint mad. Iv learned to embrace my coldsore. Live together in peace. I even gave it a name (no I didn't)	My lip is bleeding. But I aint mad. Iv learned to embrace my coldsore. Live together in peace. I even gave it a name (no I didn't)	0
I hate T1D currently fighting ketones in my T1, can't seem to get them down. Giving it 3 more hours and if no change, then off to the ER we go. Type1Diabetes	I hate T1D currently fighting ketones in my T1, can't seem to get them down. Giving it 3 more hours and if no change, then off to the ER we go. Type1Diabetes	0
Wish I was an electrician, new hob had come and can't get it to bloody work	Wish I was an electrician, new hob had come and can't get it to bloody work	0
Schedule was wrong and I was 30 min late to my first class, and then was late to my second bc I had to get it fixed.	Schedule was wrong and I was 30 min late to my first class, and then was late to my second bc I had to get it fixed.	0
Kso when I'm done my midterm and job interview I'm picking up and then smoking half	Kso when I'm done my midterm and job interview I'm picking up and then smoking half	0
that moment you're so tired that you can't do any school work, but have to	that moment you're so tired that you can't do any school work, but have to	0
Just spent 4 hours studying for my psych exam and I can't seem to remember a single thing I studied. thestruggle prayingIpass	Just spent 4 hours studying for my psych exam and I can't seem to remember a single thing I studied. thestruggle prayingIpass	0
Only been home two weeks for summer and I am already making my way back to the ville.	Only been home two weeks for summer and I am already making my way back to the ville.	0
i'm starting to think that we should have hired a wedding planner. sometimes i hate being such a perfectionist! xD	i'm starting to think that we should have hired a wedding planner. sometimes i hate being such a perfectionist! xD	0
I hate when your head and heart tell you to do two different things confused	I hate when your head and heart tell you to do two different things confused	0
So, I've never had a job with performance reviews before and I'm due for one soon. .	So, I've never had a job with performance reviews before and I'm due for one soon. .	0
Why is this week so stressful!? Got a yearbook deadline, a science project and TWO English projects!! Wtf! School HateIt	Why is this week so stressful!? Got a yearbook deadline, a science project and TWO English projects!! Wtf! School HateIt	0
I feel like everything is spiraling out of control!  so overwhelmed and stressed I can't take it anymore.	I feel like everything is spiraling out of control!  so overwhelmed and stressed I can't take it anymore.	0
nobody will ever realise how hard and how much work is involved in teaching until they've tried it	nobody will ever realise how hard and how much work is involved in teaching until they've tried it	0
Just read in a text news that I should have been told in person Now what. sick tired	Just read in a text news that I should have been told in person Now what. sick tired	0
10.62 for a Pack of cigs, and the cashier is an asshole, and it looks like ill be smoking the whole pack tonight fuckyou	10.62 for a Pack of cigs, and the cashier is an asshole, and it looks like ill be smoking the whole pack tonight fuckyou	0
The bay window roof letting water piss into my bedroom was not really what I needed this morning.	The bay window roof letting water piss into my bedroom was not really what I needed this morning.	0
They say God won't give you any more than you can handle but lately I think he has unrealistic expectations of me	They say God won't give you any more than you can handle but lately I think he has unrealistic expectations of me	0
So my step mom thinks I'm so stupid for crying over a concert. But I just don't think she understands.	So my step mom thinks I'm so stupid for crying over a concert. But I just don't think she understands.	0
Thinking of the worst possible outcome.so then what really happens is not that bad after all.	Thinking of the worst possible outcome.so then what really happens is not that bad after all.	0
That stupid social studies PowerPoint took me an hour and a half and I've been doing other homework the whole rest of the night	That stupid social studies PowerPoint took me an hour and a half and I've been doing other homework the whole rest of the night	0
Deciding that I was going to try to be valedictorian was probably the worst decision ever	Deciding that I was going to try to be valedictorian was probably the worst decision ever	0
This week has been so stressful. It doesn't help that I have gotten almost zero sleep	This week has been so stressful. It doesn't help that I have gotten almost zero sleep	0
Skipping English again today because I literally don't even have one hour to waste when I could be using that hour to do homework	Skipping English again today because I literally don't even have one hour to waste when I could be using that hour to do homework	0
So one of my rescue hedgehogs isnt indeed dead (cue me crying) but is hibernating and in the huff I disturbed it!! The other one? Still wide awake!! These animals will be the death of me  wildlife How and do their job is beyond me!!	So one of my rescue hedgehogs isnt indeed dead (cue me crying) but is hibernating and in the huff I disturbed it!! The other one? Still wide awake!! These animals will be the death of me  wildlife How and do their job is beyond me!!	0
I HATE Financial Planning! Tried to do Balance Sheets and Income Statements for Anfield Travel and keep getting different answers	I HATE Financial Planning! Tried to do Balance Sheets and Income Statements for Anfield Travel and keep getting different answers	0
I just want to go home.. Listen to music and not have to worry about anything until Christmas. annoyed	I just want to go home.. Listen to music and not have to worry about anything until Christmas. annoyed	0
Do I do fifteen minutes of yoga or do I go finish my book?! Tired Bored WhatToDo Headache	Do I do fifteen minutes of yoga or do I go finish my book?! Tired Bored WhatToDo Headache	0
A guy on the train told the bartender his orange juice was too cold and made him microwave it /baffled/concerned	A guy on the train told the bartender his orange juice was too cold and made him microwave it /baffled/concerned	0
No one listens or cares wat I want well I wanna be fuckin happy with the Guy I like Idgaf if you don't like him.	No one listens or cares wat I want well I wanna be fuckin happy with the Guy I like Idgaf if you don't like him.	0
And now to wait and be ridiculously stressed out for two weeks about whether etsy will accept my manufacturing application	And now to wait and be ridiculously stressed out for two weeks about whether etsy will accept my manufacturing application	0
I did that thing called an all nighter last night. I regret every minute of it. stressed librarytime	I did that thing called an all nighter last night. I regret every minute of it. stressed librarytime	0
Man once all this SHH is said and done I'm going in the clouds.. TIRED	Man once all this SHH is said and done I'm going in the clouds.. TIRED	0
Confused as to why I have so much work to do, when all I seem to be doing this year is working	Confused as to why I have so much work to do, when all I seem to be doing this year is working	0
Watching movies all day long bc i ain't got the money to do nothin else :( onabudget savingmoney	Watching movies all day long bc i ain't got the money to do nothin else :( onabudget savingmoney	0
I'm like drowning in a pile of debt and I can't find a way out!!	I'm like drowning in a pile of debt and I can't find a way out!!	0
I have so many mixed emotions right now. I'm just going to crash in bed and worry about them later. Tired Sad Relieved Worried	I have so many mixed emotions right now. I'm just going to crash in bed and worry about them later. Tired Sad Relieved Worried	0
The second school starts,I have a english project due, algebra 2 test and a spanish test<;<; toomuch	The second school starts,I have a english project due, algebra 2 test and a spanish test<;<; toomuch	0
Im getn so old makes me so disappointed in myself because im not where i want to be and im actually the worse i ever been	Im getn so old makes me so disappointed in myself because im not where i want to be and im actually the worse i ever been	0
This physics homework is the death of me every week. It's so hard. And then I have another physics exam tomorrow night.	This physics homework is the death of me every week. It's so hard. And then I have another physics exam tomorrow night.	0
It's like one thing after the next after the next. NOT enjoying the end of my summer.	It's like one thing after the next after the next. NOT enjoying the end of my summer.	0
Worst thing ever? Having a few drinks in you and wanting nothing more than another's touch and not being able to have it	Worst thing ever? Having a few drinks in you and wanting nothing more than another's touch and not being able to have it	0
I will never use again. They have made my life hell for a mistake they made. terrible bank	I will never use again. They have made my life hell for a mistake they made. terrible bank	0
Not sure how businesses expect me to have all this experience if no one ever gives me a chance to get some flawedsystem	Not sure how businesses expect me to have all this experience if no one ever gives me a chance to get some flawedsystem	0
don't nobody understand what I go through on a daily basis, something diff everyday and having mfs that care is rare .	don't nobody understand what I go through on a daily basis, something diff everyday and having mfs that care is rare .	0
Night 2 w/ slamming sounds complained at 4am last night! NCL NorwegianCruice unhelpful disappointed nosleep	Night 2 w/ slamming sounds complained at 4am last night! NCL NorwegianCruice unhelpful disappointed nosleep	0
Finally lab report is done! Have got to stop leaving things until the last minute	Finally lab report is done! Have got to stop leaving things until the last minute	0
So. Much. Work take me back to secondary school when if you did no work it didn't matter!	So. Much. Work take me back to secondary school when if you did no work it didn't matter!	0
I think its time to get ready to leave everything and everyone behind I dont wanna deal with all this bullshit	I think its time to get ready to leave everything and everyone behind I dont wanna deal with all this bullshit	0
School hasn't even started and I'm already to the max. I have to choose to loose a ton of work or drop being a mentor	School hasn't even started and I'm already to the max. I have to choose to loose a ton of work or drop being a mentor	0
Nothing like having to restart the biggest project of my life the night before its due because of technology issues CanICryNow	Nothing like having to restart the biggest project of my life the night before its due because of technology issues CanICryNow	0
Fairly certain 100% of what is happening in my chemistry class is physics. confused HELP	Fairly certain 100% of what is happening in my chemistry class is physics. confused HELP	0
Broken my healthy eating and frequent exercise plan today. Sitting on the train guiltily eating a packet of veggie Percy Pigs .	Broken my healthy eating and frequent exercise plan today. Sitting on the train guiltily eating a packet of veggie Percy Pigs .	0
So my college enrollment deposits are due in 2 days and I still don't know where I'm going yet	So my college enrollment deposits are due in 2 days and I still don't know where I'm going yet	0
Just chose my firm and insurance for university - scariest thing I have ever done! I hope I get the grades now panicmode	Just chose my firm and insurance for university - scariest thing I have ever done! I hope I get the grades now panicmode	0
Working at the hospital seriously drives me to drink. No wonder y I was an alchy 2 yrs ago when I first started.	Working at the hospital seriously drives me to drink. No wonder y I was an alchy 2 yrs ago when I first started.	0
if we've misplaced out timing chips can we buy a new one today at registration??	if we've misplaced out timing chips can we buy a new one today at registration??	0
Everything that could have gone wrong at work tonight has gone wrong! Need my bed	Everything that could have gone wrong at work tonight has gone wrong! Need my bed	0
Give up with this flappy bird app can't even get past 3 flappybird hateit annoying deleted	Give up with this flappy bird app can't even get past 3 flappybird hateit annoying deleted	0
I'm starting to have dreams about my Spanish controlled assessment and how I'm gunna fail anxietytothenextlevel	I'm starting to have dreams about my Spanish controlled assessment and how I'm gunna fail anxietytothenextlevel	0
I'm crying and tears are falling from my face to grown drip .. drip I can't help my self ..	I'm crying and tears are falling from my face to grown drip .. drip I can't help my self ..	0
Today has officially become a tough day. Sigh. Need a pick me up. Bad. kickingmyself angry disappointed	Today has officially become a tough day. Sigh. Need a pick me up. Bad. kickingmyself angry disappointed	0
I wish my mom would stop talking about Tulane. I'm over it and every single other college.	I wish my mom would stop talking about Tulane. I'm over it and every single other college.	0
This'll make me sound like a horrible mom but I'm really excited to have this kid so I can finally get drunk again. needabreak	This'll make me sound like a horrible mom but I'm really excited to have this kid so I can finally get drunk again. needabreak	0
I hate exams :( when do I have time for sleeping in and naps after breakfast? Exams	I hate exams :( when do I have time for sleeping in and naps after breakfast? Exams	0
Not only do I have a 6 pg paper due and and exam on Tuesday, but the fate of our country is also going to be decided	Not only do I have a 6 pg paper due and and exam on Tuesday, but the fate of our country is also going to be decided	0
Im ready to gather up 90% of the people I know in a small building in the middle of no where and blow it the fuck up.	Im ready to gather up 90% of the people I know in a small building in the middle of no where and blow it the fuck up.	0
I've never been so bad at a Madden game before in my life! WTF happened? This game is impossible for me Madden15	I've never been so bad at a Madden game before in my life! WTF happened? This game is impossible for me Madden15	0
half the wrong order and 2 failed delivery slots since to rectify. This service is supposed to help busy working mums	half the wrong order and 2 failed delivery slots since to rectify. This service is supposed to help busy working mums	0
I hav 2 study but everything in my room is so distracting I cn nt afford 2 fail not again joh	I hav 2 study but everything in my room is so distracting I cn nt afford 2 fail not again joh	0
I got so many empty blanks for me right now I don't even know where to start.	I got so many empty blanks for me right now I don't even know where to start.	0
Of all the things I need for the apartment my mom is talking about a centerpiece for the kitchen table	Of all the things I need for the apartment my mom is talking about a centerpiece for the kitchen table	0
Today is just one of those days when I need to take a step back and take a deep breath and let it go!	Today is just one of those days when I need to take a step back and take a deep breath and let it go!	0
I am grateful I haven't had a bad day like today in a while, but I hate the way it makes me feel	I am grateful I haven't had a bad day like today in a while, but I hate the way it makes me feel	0
I hope at least one of you wish me luck on my midterm exams, they start in 1 week!	I hope at least one of you wish me luck on my midterm exams, they start in 1 week!	0
I am that stressed that my whole body is breaking out in eczema. School sucks. I hate this.	I am that stressed that my whole body is breaking out in eczema. School sucks. I hate this.	0
That depressing moment when you get excited to go to a party and all of a sudden anxiety hits. fml	That depressing moment when you get excited to go to a party and all of a sudden anxiety hits. fml	0
You make me feel like I'm just another person in this world, like I'm not important.	You make me feel like I'm just another person in this world, like I'm not important.	0
unhappy confused weak low sad even when everything is going well. F'ed up with this	unhappy confused weak low sad even when everything is going well. F'ed up with this	0
It's sad that the only thing i look forward to on the weekends is sleeping. SleepDeprived Exausted	It's sad that the only thing i look forward to on the weekends is sleeping. SleepDeprived Exausted	0
I ruin everything. I always do something wrong but don't know what it is done annoyed I hate myself and my emotions	I ruin everything. I always do something wrong but don't know what it is done annoyed I hate myself and my emotions	0
I need a week of vacation. So much to do, in so little time. School,meetings, homework, family, chores.	I need a week of vacation. So much to do, in so little time. School,meetings, homework, family, chores.	0
Putting a lot of effort into a presentation to prove that things just are not possible	Putting a lot of effort into a presentation to prove that things just are not possible	0
I feel like by the end of the day tomorrow I'll have bought a pack of cigarettes	I feel like by the end of the day tomorrow I'll have bought a pack of cigarettes	0
Competition next saterday at usf . practice after school and so much school work to get done :(	Competition next saterday at usf . practice after school and so much school work to get done :(	0
Don't feel wellhave to teachhave to practice driving for test tmrw! Wish this cold would bugger off! :(	Don't feel wellhave to teachhave to practice driving for test tmrw! Wish this cold would bugger off! :(	0
Art coursework in bed at 1am on a Friday, what a fun life I lead stressed tired art coursework	Art coursework in bed at 1am on a Friday, what a fun life I lead stressed tired art coursework	0
Life would be so much easier if we didn't have to think so hard and worry about everything	Life would be so much easier if we didn't have to think so hard and worry about everything	0
I'm so tired of this semester, and I'm so ready for school to be over! mad	I'm so tired of this semester, and I'm so ready for school to be over! mad	0
I need an all you can eat buffet and a gallon of ice cream and a hug because stressed	I need an all you can eat buffet and a gallon of ice cream and a hug because stressed	0
When someone likes you and you don't like them back. Yeah I feel kinda bad.	When someone likes you and you don't like them back. Yeah I feel kinda bad.	0
The joy of getting the last little bit out of the toothpaste after number rolls to squeeze it out!	The joy of getting the last little bit out of the toothpaste after number rolls to squeeze it out!	0
i hate crying my nose and my cheeks and eyes turn so damn redsighs randomthought	i hate crying my nose and my cheeks and eyes turn so damn redsighs randomthought	0
Wish I could go out and have a few drinks after this essay's done :(	Wish I could go out and have a few drinks after this essay's done :(	0
Having to pack for moving house over the weekend as well as juggling an assignment due for Monday,	Having to pack for moving house over the weekend as well as juggling an assignment due for Monday,	0
Clothes dramas are doing my head in what's wrong with these shops don't they know I have a wedding to attend	Clothes dramas are doing my head in what's wrong with these shops don't they know I have a wedding to attend	0
Those sleepless guilty nights.When you don't study all day and your exams are drawing near :'(	Those sleepless guilty nights.When you don't study all day and your exams are drawing near :'(	0
Ugh. I have midterms this week and I'm dealing with boy problems. I need to just get away!	Ugh. I have midterms this week and I'm dealing with boy problems. I need to just get away!	0
Why don't I just leave. It's not like I want to be here anyways. Tired Annoyed	Why don't I just leave. It's not like I want to be here anyways. Tired Annoyed	0
I hate having a good day and then realizing I still have 74939 tons of work to do	I hate having a good day and then realizing I still have 74939 tons of work to do	0
Memorial and court over - now time to prepare for exams next week. All this couldn't have come at a worse time - power through!	Memorial and court over - now time to prepare for exams next week. All this couldn't have come at a worse time - power through!	0
I need to take a walk, a long fucking walk, that has to exhaust me, dry my lungs temporarily, and help me pretend about my existence here. where is the hope already?	I need to take a walk, a long fucking walk, that has to exhaust me, dry my lungs temporarily, and help me pretend about my existence here. where is the hope already?	0
When your so tired but your worrying and stressing about stuff so much you can't sleep. .	When your so tired but your worrying and stressing about stuff so much you can't sleep. .	0
this is probably one of the most stressful days of my life :/ this is not ok! this day couldn't get any worse :(	this is probably one of the most stressful days of my life :/ this is not ok! this day couldn't get any worse :(	0
Just realized I made a huuuge mistake in my case study paper so this presentation tomorrow will definitely be worse than I thought	Just realized I made a huuuge mistake in my case study paper so this presentation tomorrow will definitely be worse than I thought	0
I wish things would work out for once. I hate asking for help. Its embarrassing. :/	I wish things would work out for once. I hate asking for help. Its embarrassing. :/	0
I am genuinely going to fail every single exam next month.. norevision resitting fuckit stressed	I am genuinely going to fail every single exam next month.. norevision resitting fuckit stressed	0
My parents yelled at me because I have bad grades yet, they always bother me when I'm doing homework and studying.	My parents yelled at me because I have bad grades yet, they always bother me when I'm doing homework and studying.	0
Laid back Tuesdays NOT. stressed still got a smile on my face though! One more month before summer! -	Laid back Tuesdays NOT. stressed still got a smile on my face though! One more month before summer! -	0
When you finish your homework after 11 on a Monday, you know it's gonna be a long week! tired	When you finish your homework after 11 on a Monday, you know it's gonna be a long week! tired	0
I hate it when ur stressed at work tpos dadagdagan pa ng uncooperative team at other stuff argh killercombo	I hate it when ur stressed at work tpos dadagdagan pa ng uncooperative team at other stuff argh killercombo	0
Phew. This has been a hell of a day. Went from being unable to move from the flat to being on the market in 6 hours. Now to begin the stressful job of trying to sell/finding a new place. newhome	Phew. This has been a hell of a day. Went from being unable to move from the flat to being on the market in 6 hours. Now to begin the stressful job of trying to sell/finding a new place. newhome	0
I really shouldn't leave homework till the last minute, never realised i even had this much to do -.-	I really shouldn't leave homework till the last minute, never realised i even had this much to do -.-	0
Poli Exam in less than 7 hours. Last Exam. So close. Yet, so far. examseason	Poli Exam in less than 7 hours. Last Exam. So close. Yet, so far. examseason	0
Studying for HESI is giving me a headache :/ guess ill just sleep it off and stress more tomorrow	Studying for HESI is giving me a headache :/ guess ill just sleep it off and stress more tomorrow	0
Prom is less than a month away and at this point idk if imma go	Prom is less than a month away and at this point idk if imma go	0
? Scientists have shown anger, anxiety and depression increase the risk of heart disease. Read the full report on	? Scientists have shown anger, anxiety and depression increase the risk of heart disease. Read the full report on	0
If you can't control anything in your life, do your eyebrows. You can at least control those. crazylife	If you can't control anything in your life, do your eyebrows. You can at least control those. crazylife	0
So frustrated with my jobs. I get no respect, costumers always complain, and I hate that I always work my butt off for nothing.	So frustrated with my jobs. I get no respect, costumers always complain, and I hate that I always work my butt off for nothing.	0
College wasn't that bad until I missed a week and a half and now I'm tryna get caught up	College wasn't that bad until I missed a week and a half and now I'm tryna get caught up	0
This is downright pathetic that I have to micromanage my time after school by setting up a schedule via Calendars	This is downright pathetic that I have to micromanage my time after school by setting up a schedule via Calendars	0
You know your life is a mess when you have to make daily "to do" list.	You know your life is a mess when you have to make daily "to do" list.	0
I wish once a month school would let us out for a catch up and sleep in day	I wish once a month school would let us out for a catch up and sleep in day	0
I was but after I prayed to the Lord Almighty my stress disappeared into thin air.	I was but after I prayed to the Lord Almighty my stress disappeared into thin air.	0
Hattie upset SATS very hard - bless her but all her friends found it hard too	Hattie upset SATS very hard - bless her but all her friends found it hard too	0
Omg! Max been having tantrums all day not known him like it before, guess our holiday and change not good for him	Omg! Max been having tantrums all day not known him like it before, guess our holiday and change not good for him	0
Moving has been INSANE! If I don't get back to you right away please know it's because of the move.	Moving has been INSANE! If I don't get back to you right away please know it's because of the move.	0
It's going to be one if those eat by yourself, cry yourself to sleep with a tub of icecream kinda nights, isn't it?	It's going to be one if those eat by yourself, cry yourself to sleep with a tub of icecream kinda nights, isn't it?	0
This is gonna be one of the worst weeks ever. So much to do, so little time	This is gonna be one of the worst weeks ever. So much to do, so little time	0
so help me God. 2 things to go and I'm officially enrolled (p.s. i've been doing all of the things alone)	so help me God. 2 things to go and I'm officially enrolled (p.s. i've been doing all of the things alone)	0
Can't believe i am up when i should be sleep with Nazir. Ugh! Hate when my mind is racing.	Can't believe i am up when i should be sleep with Nazir. Ugh! Hate when my mind is racing.	0
Mos de Wedding is not at our house , Why every family member is here. This late, even some of them i don't know n don't like.:(:@	Mos de Wedding is not at our house , Why every family member is here. This late, even some of them i don't know n don't like.:(:@	0
since you changed ur mobile site its gone downhill! Took 20 mins to book tix as picking the seats is so difficult now!	since you changed ur mobile site its gone downhill! Took 20 mins to book tix as picking the seats is so difficult now!	0
someone help me with my life because I don't know what to do about it.	someone help me with my life because I don't know what to do about it.	0
Casually screaming into a pillow to fight the urge I have to burn all my exam material.	Casually screaming into a pillow to fight the urge I have to burn all my exam material.	0
I was already having a bad day. One comment gets made and then come an explosion. Ftoday	I was already having a bad day. One comment gets made and then come an explosion. Ftoday	0
Okay honestly Tristan, do you think I'll be able to do a 2 page essay by tmmr? It's currently 8:45pm where I	Okay honestly Tristan, do you think I'll be able to do a 2 page essay by tmmr? It's currently 8:45pm where I	0
All I need is for you to step up and act like my best friend. I need you, my rock with kind words right now more than anything.	All I need is for you to step up and act like my best friend. I need you, my rock with kind words right now more than anything.	0
What a day at work. Stressed but so glad I'm off tomorrow! Can't wait for the weekend.	What a day at work. Stressed but so glad I'm off tomorrow! Can't wait for the weekend.	0
Its mad to think that theres only 10 days until Christmas and I havent even started shopping for my family yet	Its mad to think that theres only 10 days until Christmas and I havent even started shopping for my family yet	0
You know how some people say they've had a hard day and need a drink Well today has driven me to pick up an FPS!	You know how some people say they've had a hard day and need a drink Well today has driven me to pick up an FPS!	0
If I could have anything in the world, it'd be the acceptance letter into my dream school , I want it so bad	If I could have anything in the world, it'd be the acceptance letter into my dream school , I want it so bad	0
This hot shower im about to take I definitely deserve after chasing off the 3 guys at my grandmothers house :/	This hot shower im about to take I definitely deserve after chasing off the 3 guys at my grandmothers house :/	0
Sometime I just want to runaway with a case of Oreos and a dairy cow.	Sometime I just want to runaway with a case of Oreos and a dairy cow.	0
I've been a human disaster all week and yet somehow someone still wants to marry me so i mean  memorialsarehard	I've been a human disaster all week and yet somehow someone still wants to marry me so i mean  memorialsarehard	0
Been pacing around all day long, and now it seems its going to last all night. anxietysucks college	Been pacing around all day long, and now it seems its going to last all night. anxietysucks college	0
Randomly looked on my degree audit and I saw the word senior. What?! I don't wanna be a senior yet!!	Randomly looked on my degree audit and I saw the word senior. What?! I don't wanna be a senior yet!!	0
Would LOVEEEE my life to get back on track and something go right for me sometime bloody soon!	Would LOVEEEE my life to get back on track and something go right for me sometime bloody soon!	0
Total frustration when you have a batch of emails that need to be sent and laptop won't turn on	Total frustration when you have a batch of emails that need to be sent and laptop won't turn on	0
2 days in& I'm already wishing half term was here! But I'm gonna persevere and stay positive! sixthformproblems	2 days in& I'm already wishing half term was here! But I'm gonna persevere and stay positive! sixthformproblems	0
When you're so stressed out about work and finals and payments and graduating that you break down <;<;<;<;<;	When you're so stressed out about work and finals and payments and graduating that you break down <;<;<;<;<;	0
Long day aheadof me my essay do and I gotta french paper do like wtf man	Long day aheadof me my essay do and I gotta french paper do like wtf man	0
Any guesses at what my kindle passcode is? got to update it before amazon make it obsolete tomorrow!!!	Any guesses at what my kindle passcode is? got to update it before amazon make it obsolete tomorrow!!!	0
man this sucks, so exhausted yet sleep just doesnt want to do me that solid..	man this sucks, so exhausted yet sleep just doesnt want to do me that solid..	0
Up early by myself just laying in bed with him on my mind like crazy. !!!!!	Up early by myself just laying in bed with him on my mind like crazy. !!!!!	0
hate them rough days you have, hair bunged up, hardly any sleep and stupid tiny spots that come up on your face. notmyday	hate them rough days you have, hair bunged up, hardly any sleep and stupid tiny spots that come up on your face. notmyday	0
I wanna give up cigarettes. Its much more difficult than giving up alcohol, weed, sodas. I hate it.	I wanna give up cigarettes. Its much more difficult than giving up alcohol, weed, sodas. I hate it.	0
I'm fucking sick of this shit, i just wanna be loved. I'm struggling to find someone who actually gives a fuck	I'm fucking sick of this shit, i just wanna be loved. I'm struggling to find someone who actually gives a fuck	0
Officially feeling broke. And I have so many things to pay for this next week :(	Officially feeling broke. And I have so many things to pay for this next week :(	0
Just hasn't been my kinda day these past few days.. Too much disappointment and frustration for my stress level	Just hasn't been my kinda day these past few days.. Too much disappointment and frustration for my stress level	0
Feeling stressed. We have 10 inches of snow and its still coming down with no end in sight. And chances are Ill be forced to go to work winter hatesnow	Feeling stressed. We have 10 inches of snow and its still coming down with no end in sight. And chances are Ill be forced to go to work winter hatesnow	0
Quite possible that ill be getting done for murder by the end off the day	Quite possible that ill be getting done for murder by the end off the day	0
Apparently I was talking in my sleep last night and I was having a conversation with	Apparently I was talking in my sleep last night and I was having a conversation with	0
So hard to make decisions! Everyone seems to have something to say which doesn't help the situation!! hard don'tnowhatsbest	So hard to make decisions! Everyone seems to have something to say which doesn't help the situation!! hard don'tnowhatsbest	0
Gradpic photoshoot, CHN folder, Research, preparation for duty, sleep. IDK what to do first :'((	Gradpic photoshoot, CHN folder, Research, preparation for duty, sleep. IDK what to do first :'((	0
Normal people sad :  Instagram people sad : sad nothappy cry crying tears instasad sadness depressed alone help insta mood badmood moods upset	Normal people sad :  Instagram people sad : sad nothappy cry crying tears instasad sadness depressed alone help insta mood badmood moods upset	0
Bad news this morning. Rough week last week. Had to get a shot in my knee. Why? Just why?	Bad news this morning. Rough week last week. Had to get a shot in my knee. Why? Just why?	0
My most used emoji is the one that's sobbing hysterically. So I guess you could say it's symbolic of my life right now finals	My most used emoji is the one that's sobbing hysterically. So I guess you could say it's symbolic of my life right now finals	0
Hate not been able to sleep when your tiered. :-/, too much to think about and got loads to do tomorrow uni work xxx	Hate not been able to sleep when your tiered. :-/, too much to think about and got loads to do tomorrow uni work xxx	0
I wish there was something that could tell me what the right thing to do is confused	I wish there was something that could tell me what the right thing to do is confused	0
I wanna feel good , why can't I ?? I hate feeling like theirs a pressure between my chest !!	I wanna feel good , why can't I ?? I hate feeling like theirs a pressure between my chest !!	0
My to-do list is way too long. and full of really important things. How can I decide what gets done first???	My to-do list is way too long. and full of really important things. How can I decide what gets done first???	0
Arghhh so stressed. Can't wait until this day is overand it's only just started! :(	Arghhh so stressed. Can't wait until this day is overand it's only just started! :(	0
Physics homework and taking the SATs this weekend will either lead me to kill myself or have a mental breakdown	Physics homework and taking the SATs this weekend will either lead me to kill myself or have a mental breakdown	0
I hate this place! It's all about money money money. You have to be rich just to live.  frustrated annoyed	I hate this place! It's all about money money money. You have to be rich just to live.  frustrated annoyed	0
such a horrible nights sleep and now i'm not even gunna be able to relax until 11 tonight	such a horrible nights sleep and now i'm not even gunna be able to relax until 11 tonight	0
That awful moment when your boyfriend knocks at the door when ur having a poo embarrassing Urghhhh	That awful moment when your boyfriend knocks at the door when ur having a poo embarrassing Urghhhh	0
Never driving around Birmingham on my own ever again!!! Stupid roads, what a horrible 2 hour journey :(	Never driving around Birmingham on my own ever again!!! Stupid roads, what a horrible 2 hour journey :(	0
I need food. Pref stodge that is totally bad for me. I know it won't 'set me up for the day' but sod it..	I need food. Pref stodge that is totally bad for me. I know it won't 'set me up for the day' but sod it..	0
Great start to the day, no taxi :( hope this isn't a sign of things to come !!	Great start to the day, no taxi :( hope this isn't a sign of things to come !!	0
Tell me how can i not be stressed when my car decides to get sick and I have a billion and one things to do :/ upset	Tell me how can i not be stressed when my car decides to get sick and I have a billion and one things to do :/ upset	0
I want to do something, or go somewhere this summer. Sadly, I work every day.	I want to do something, or go somewhere this summer. Sadly, I work every day.	0
How convenient is this, my laptop just completely went black and wont work in the middle of a pandemic with all my classes online and the store closed so I cant even bring it in  I am	How convenient is this, my laptop just completely went black and wont work in the middle of a pandemic with all my classes online and the store closed so I cant even bring it in  I am	0
Today's been a weird one. Ready to start training tomorrow and get my motivation up for the next few weeks ready	Today's been a weird one. Ready to start training tomorrow and get my motivation up for the next few weeks ready	0
Anxiety, depression, and stress.. No friends, poor job, and antisocial.. Basically this is my life  sadlife	Anxiety, depression, and stress.. No friends, poor job, and antisocial.. Basically this is my life  sadlife	0
To anyone who has a 401K, 403b, IRA, or whatever. You can trade/invest for yourself or employ someone. How are you feeling right now about your financial future after these crazy market moves? worried marketcrash DowJones	To anyone who has a 401K, 403b, IRA, or whatever. You can trade/invest for yourself or employ someone. How are you feeling right now about your financial future after these crazy market moves? worried marketcrash DowJones	0
When you start eating your cuticles like chicken bones, it's time for the week to be over.	When you start eating your cuticles like chicken bones, it's time for the week to be over.	0
Good ol' Starbucks gettin us through the day Stressed .. Caramel Latte Choc Topping Yum	Good ol' Starbucks gettin us through the day Stressed .. Caramel Latte Choc Topping Yum	0
Computer decides to log off and I loose my work! Thank you very much Lincoln library unhappy	Computer decides to log off and I loose my work! Thank you very much Lincoln library unhappy	0
I was on vacation like three weeks ago and I'm already in need of another one.	I was on vacation like three weeks ago and I'm already in need of another one.	0
When you feel guilty for feeling before the exam because you are not studying as much as your friends who are stressing out for the exam.	When you feel guilty for feeling before the exam because you are not studying as much as your friends who are stressing out for the exam.	0
Putting a hold on my account the day I'm suppose to register for classes.. Thanks kewl NOT	Putting a hold on my account the day I'm suppose to register for classes.. Thanks kewl NOT	0
The epitome of stress? when you spend ages recording videos whilst not feeling well, and your microphone decides not to work :/ stress	The epitome of stress? when you spend ages recording videos whilst not feeling well, and your microphone decides not to work :/ stress	0
Why did I ever decide to take an AP class Seriously going to fail every test in there	Why did I ever decide to take an AP class Seriously going to fail every test in there	0
And now my hand won't stop bleeding and I can't find my stupid cream anywhere inpain	And now my hand won't stop bleeding and I can't find my stupid cream anywhere inpain	0
And there ain't no turning back when our train is off its track, and there's nothing we can do but watch it crash.	And there ain't no turning back when our train is off its track, and there's nothing we can do but watch it crash.	0
My laptop is completely broken so how exactly am I supposed to work on my two essays before work crew???	My laptop is completely broken so how exactly am I supposed to work on my two essays before work crew???	0
Lets see if I can make it thru an entire night of sleep without waking up randomly in the middle of the night WishfulThinking	Lets see if I can make it thru an entire night of sleep without waking up randomly in the middle of the night WishfulThinking	0
The amount of food I just ate in the past 20 min would appall even the fattest person on planet Earth. and I can't stop chowing	The amount of food I just ate in the past 20 min would appall even the fattest person on planet Earth. and I can't stop chowing	0
I want to tweet something. But my thoughts have been blasted to pieces. So I'll just tweet that. tired	I want to tweet something. But my thoughts have been blasted to pieces. So I'll just tweet that. tired	0
I don't want to work a 9 hour shift. I'm so exhausted and I still have to write my paper. Guess I am pulling an all nighter. :(	I don't want to work a 9 hour shift. I'm so exhausted and I still have to write my paper. Guess I am pulling an all nighter. :(	0
Can life slow down for a second? I think I forgot to stress out over something	Can life slow down for a second? I think I forgot to stress out over something	0
E's tired. Will he do anything but scream? Nope. Last 25mins trying to nap him a complete disaster.	E's tired. Will he do anything but scream? Nope. Last 25mins trying to nap him a complete disaster.	0
I don't think anyone's as excited as I about it being the weekend Stressed *thanks the man above*	I don't think anyone's as excited as I about it being the weekend Stressed *thanks the man above*	0
love my 2014 cherokee, except for the transmission and computer problems I've had since day 1.	love my 2014 cherokee, except for the transmission and computer problems I've had since day 1.	0
The world got you stressed or pissedoff Check out "FireProof" by Wyldkardz - PLZ RT	The world got you stressed or pissedoff Check out "FireProof" by Wyldkardz - PLZ RT	0
Trying to find a decent laptop in my price range with the features I want/need is like trying to find rocking horse shit	Trying to find a decent laptop in my price range with the features I want/need is like trying to find rocking horse shit	0
Someone with a backbone, please come and tell the annoying girls in silent area, to shut up deadline goaway	Someone with a backbone, please come and tell the annoying girls in silent area, to shut up deadline goaway	0
Realllllly looking forward to coming home in 2 weeks. I need a little break from school	Realllllly looking forward to coming home in 2 weeks. I need a little break from school	0
Tomorro im keepin to myself and not tlkn to nobdy . Im goin treat myself and might jus turn my fone off for sum hours ! Stressed .	Tomorro im keepin to myself and not tlkn to nobdy . Im goin treat myself and might jus turn my fone off for sum hours ! Stressed .	0
Not exams tomorrow, I need to put it work for Drama, English and Science. And I needa avoid getting caught.	Not exams tomorrow, I need to put it work for Drama, English and Science. And I needa avoid getting caught.	0
I had a mental breakdown today thanks to college final exams and other aspects of my life.	I had a mental breakdown today thanks to college final exams and other aspects of my life.	0
I'd rather be busy and trying to excel than be busy and stressed aiming for	I'd rather be busy and trying to excel than be busy and stressed aiming for	0
fuck you HOAE exam and fuck you vet programs for making me have to write it	fuck you HOAE exam and fuck you vet programs for making me have to write it	0
Make that money but don't let it make you, Hate to say but money makin me.ill never forget about what my uncle Says LiveLife	Make that money but don't let it make you, Hate to say but money makin me.ill never forget about what my uncle Says LiveLife	0
If it came down do it, I would choose to leave this Earth and go to heavens with my God. I need peace.	If it came down do it, I would choose to leave this Earth and go to heavens with my God. I need peace.	0
Usually I can't wait for bed time, but nowadays all I've been doing is over thinking an not sleeping..	Usually I can't wait for bed time, but nowadays all I've been doing is over thinking an not sleeping..	0
I'm about to say screw this history exam review and just go to bed. tired	I'm about to say screw this history exam review and just go to bed. tired	0
i could just go for a huge plate of chicken marsala and a mountain of mashed potatoes comfortfood favoritethings	i could just go for a huge plate of chicken marsala and a mountain of mashed potatoes comfortfood favoritethings	0
It's just depressing leaving the house at7:30 am and not coming home from work till 10:30pm that night	It's just depressing leaving the house at7:30 am and not coming home from work till 10:30pm that night	0
Wish sometimes it could be easier but I guess it might get a little harder before it gets a lot easier	Wish sometimes it could be easier but I guess it might get a little harder before it gets a lot easier	0
If I make it through the next week and a half, I will be the happiest girl on the planet	If I make it through the next week and a half, I will be the happiest girl on the planet	0
I have a lot of homework yet I took a nap and im going to a haunted house	I have a lot of homework yet I took a nap and im going to a haunted house	0
Some people just test my patience each day its wearing thinner and thinner and one of these days im just gonna go mad!	Some people just test my patience each day its wearing thinner and thinner and one of these days im just gonna go mad!	0
Why does life seem so crazy from the inside but so calm on the outside. stupidlife	Why does life seem so crazy from the inside but so calm on the outside. stupidlife	0
I'm tired of being pushed to this point. I don't like breaking down. It's not who I am.	I'm tired of being pushed to this point. I don't like breaking down. It's not who I am.	0
Only just realised I haven't got long left till my exam and 2 assignment submission	Only just realised I haven't got long left till my exam and 2 assignment submission	0
I wish I was mean enough to tell people no. I don't even have time to breath this week.	I wish I was mean enough to tell people no. I don't even have time to breath this week.	0
Can someone just hold me while I break down for like 20min? That's all I will need.	Can someone just hold me while I break down for like 20min? That's all I will need.	0
Anyone else feel like they are going to fail the algebra mid term tomorrow? Or is that just me	Anyone else feel like they are going to fail the algebra mid term tomorrow? Or is that just me	0
i just look really gross and tired and dead sorry if my face scares you nosleep tired	i just look really gross and tired and dead sorry if my face scares you nosleep tired	0
Sometimes I just dont know if I want to finish this nursing degree placements being inflexible with shifts how are you supposed to manage work, Uni , finances reality is if we dont work then cant afford to become a nurse no wonder there is a shortage	Sometimes I just dont know if I want to finish this nursing degree placements being inflexible with shifts how are you supposed to manage work, Uni , finances reality is if we dont work then cant afford to become a nurse no wonder there is a shortage	0
Sick of not being able to sleep at night cuz I can't stop thinking about what happens after hs.	Sick of not being able to sleep at night cuz I can't stop thinking about what happens after hs.	0
so scared for tomorrow because I know its not going to be what I want	so scared for tomorrow because I know its not going to be what I want	0
I basically live with stress as a permanent emotion now. I mean I guess thats how life goes ohwell cestlavie	I basically live with stress as a permanent emotion now. I mean I guess thats how life goes ohwell cestlavie	0
been sick the past 2days, battery for my car went out on me, &TOM paid a visit. utaweekendtoo broke	been sick the past 2days, battery for my car went out on me, &TOM paid a visit. utaweekendtoo broke	0
I just need it to be Wednesday at 1:45. It's going to be a long next few days!	I just need it to be Wednesday at 1:45. It's going to be a long next few days!	0
I have every reason not to trust you but you make me feel as if you never did anything wrong.	I have every reason not to trust you but you make me feel as if you never did anything wrong.	0
Making lists, plans, schedules, and designs like I should be in a psychiatric ward. Busy	Making lists, plans, schedules, and designs like I should be in a psychiatric ward. Busy	0
Got a $2000 bill for GST from CRA when I closed my business account (and business) 5 years ago. I know it's an error but fuck	Got a $2000 bill for GST from CRA when I closed my business account (and business) 5 years ago. I know it's an error but fuck	0
I was about to sing your praise until I ended up in cargo area of airport. Now I'm late! Is mercury in retrograde?	I was about to sing your praise until I ended up in cargo area of airport. Now I'm late! Is mercury in retrograde?	0
Because I have been sick for two days and haven't gone to school, Im now failing like all of my classesSo much funnot	Because I have been sick for two days and haven't gone to school, Im now failing like all of my classesSo much funnot	0
My left eye has been twitching for a straight two weeks Seriously this has to stop	My left eye has been twitching for a straight two weeks Seriously this has to stop	0
stressed ugh 3 exams on the 19th of June 2 exams Friday 2 exams Monday 1 exam tueday 1 exam Wednesday 1 Thursday 1 friday	stressed ugh 3 exams on the 19th of June 2 exams Friday 2 exams Monday 1 exam tueday 1 exam Wednesday 1 Thursday 1 friday	0
So much to think about Glass of wine and a little reading after work before bed to try to clear my mind. confused	So much to think about Glass of wine and a little reading after work before bed to try to clear my mind. confused	0
I feel like I'm in a bad movieand the ending is not going to end so well	I feel like I'm in a bad movieand the ending is not going to end so well	0
I've seriously read this entire chemistry chapter every single day this week and I still don't understand.	I've seriously read this entire chemistry chapter every single day this week and I still don't understand.	0
I just can't keep up with all of these people that sudden entered my life.	I just can't keep up with all of these people that sudden entered my life.	0
The weekends are supposed to be relaxing. But im stressing for a test Nd an essay	The weekends are supposed to be relaxing. But im stressing for a test Nd an essay	0
TakeADeepBreath, hold for 2 long seconds then breathe out slowly on 3. When you feel overhwhelmed or	TakeADeepBreath, hold for 2 long seconds then breathe out slowly on 3. When you feel overhwhelmed or	0
Today is not my day, thank god i'm home now and my poor little man is all tucked up in bed!!! :-(	Today is not my day, thank god i'm home now and my poor little man is all tucked up in bed!!! :-(	0
It's not even 7am yet and it has already been one of the worst days of my summer. I hope the rest of my day goes better.	It's not even 7am yet and it has already been one of the worst days of my summer. I hope the rest of my day goes better.	0
People think college students have stomach troubles from eating too much pizza? Maybe they're just and have bad peristalsis.	People think college students have stomach troubles from eating too much pizza? Maybe they're just and have bad peristalsis.	0
Sorry that I've been neglecting Twitter in the past few days. There's just so much stuff going on in my RL at the moment!	Sorry that I've been neglecting Twitter in the past few days. There's just so much stuff going on in my RL at the moment!	0
I hate being home when my brother is sick..having to clean up his throw up, get him stuff to drink, cold cloths for his head, ect..	I hate being home when my brother is sick..having to clean up his throw up, get him stuff to drink, cold cloths for his head, ect..	0
I swear ill do anything to get Aliyah back but she making it hard	I swear ill do anything to get Aliyah back but she making it hard	0
I really need to invest in a punching bag! Never been this close to losing it	I really need to invest in a punching bag! Never been this close to losing it	0
Maybe they should ask the STUDENTS how to improve instead of people who havent been in school since typewriters were invented!	Maybe they should ask the STUDENTS how to improve instead of people who havent been in school since typewriters were invented!	0
This eye twitch has GOT TO GO!! I have had meetings all day and I look stupid with my right eye going crazy! pleasestop	This eye twitch has GOT TO GO!! I have had meetings all day and I look stupid with my right eye going crazy! pleasestop	0
All tucked up wit a cuppa tea feeling rather sorry 4 myself having blisters on my lips boohoo	All tucked up wit a cuppa tea feeling rather sorry 4 myself having blisters on my lips boohoo	0
extremely stressed about this physics exam tomorrow if I get less than a C I won't pass the class	extremely stressed about this physics exam tomorrow if I get less than a C I won't pass the class	0
Alzheimer's is honestly so difficult to deal with. I feel so awful cause she just doesn't understand and gets so confused.	Alzheimer's is honestly so difficult to deal with. I feel so awful cause she just doesn't understand and gets so confused.	0
I hate waiting for a delivery!! Why haven't you arrived I need you for Saturday!!!	I hate waiting for a delivery!! Why haven't you arrived I need you for Saturday!!!	0
Im stuck in London Ontario my car is broken. I have court tomorrow if i miss my court date. Im going to Jail! !	Im stuck in London Ontario my car is broken. I have court tomorrow if i miss my court date. Im going to Jail! !	0
Speechless and sick to my stomach. Seems like today lasted forever. Time to pass out before I add grey hair.	Speechless and sick to my stomach. Seems like today lasted forever. Time to pass out before I add grey hair.	0
I knew it was a bad idea to open bills/emails after work instead of turning music on and waiting until tomorrow!	I knew it was a bad idea to open bills/emails after work instead of turning music on and waiting until tomorrow!	0
Why are our teachers so dumb and give us a ton of homework before finals week?.. sooo droppingout sho	Why are our teachers so dumb and give us a ton of homework before finals week?.. sooo droppingout sho	0
Sorry for disappearing! Code red on a report due tomorrow-uploaded 10 hours before due date, and expected group members to edit it	Sorry for disappearing! Code red on a report due tomorrow-uploaded 10 hours before due date, and expected group members to edit it	0
8 exams this week. How is it Humanly possible to remember all that information :(	8 exams this week. How is it Humanly possible to remember all that information :(	0
I have a midterm in a week and the notebook im supposed to study from magically disappeared!!!!	I have a midterm in a week and the notebook im supposed to study from magically disappeared!!!!	0
Smh, I am so over today.I just wanna cuddle up to my kido watch movies tired sick	Smh, I am so over today.I just wanna cuddle up to my kido watch movies tired sick	0
Well that day wasn't stressful at allI think I just wanna sit in the dark forever to the max	Well that day wasn't stressful at allI think I just wanna sit in the dark forever to the max	0
Money is a stressful thing when you have none and you know your car is just gonna die soon. Just trusting in God to provide. :/	Money is a stressful thing when you have none and you know your car is just gonna die soon. Just trusting in God to provide. :/	0
Idk why I'm so homesick, but all I want is to not be here anymore stressed	Idk why I'm so homesick, but all I want is to not be here anymore stressed	0
Working 2 days in a row is really inconvenient for having any time to do my hours of homework	Working 2 days in a row is really inconvenient for having any time to do my hours of homework	0
I just need a holiday. A break from it all, A break from everything! tired	I just need a holiday. A break from it all, A break from everything! tired	0
Tomorrow is such a big day! I have an interview that will decide my life for the next year at least, and it's dds birthday	Tomorrow is such a big day! I have an interview that will decide my life for the next year at least, and it's dds birthday	0
To the man stressing out over the figures on his spreadsheet, I'm sure it's not as bad as it looks :/	To the man stressing out over the figures on his spreadsheet, I'm sure it's not as bad as it looks :/	0
Tomorrow is going to be one stressful day! Exam.. First aid course thing.. Going through all my work and sign it all off!! :(	Tomorrow is going to be one stressful day! Exam.. First aid course thing.. Going through all my work and sign it all off!! :(	0
lost mah 4n bt Rdnt tell mah parents ama buy a new 1 2morrow i wanna fool 'em as fuck	lost mah 4n bt Rdnt tell mah parents ama buy a new 1 2morrow i wanna fool 'em as fuck	0
I'm ready for another vacation and I've only been back to work for three days. That is not good.	I'm ready for another vacation and I've only been back to work for three days. That is not good.	0
Forgot how angry I get trying to park at the mall of america. You can imagine it.	Forgot how angry I get trying to park at the mall of america. You can imagine it.	0
The gym is my place to destress but these last two days I make it half way through my workout and then break down into tears.	The gym is my place to destress but these last two days I make it half way through my workout and then break down into tears.	0
I hate the fact that I have all these feelings for her but yet me and her can't be together all cause a choice we made that day!	I hate the fact that I have all these feelings for her but yet me and her can't be together all cause a choice we made that day!	0
i had a dream that my teeth were bleeding and i woke up n my mouth was full of blood bc i grind my teeth so bad when i sleep	i had a dream that my teeth were bleeding and i woke up n my mouth was full of blood bc i grind my teeth so bad when i sleep	0
Hate the way I worry over the stupidest thing and there's nothing even to worry about worrier needtostop	Hate the way I worry over the stupidest thing and there's nothing even to worry about worrier needtostop	0
Can not seriously wait to see the back of this week. In desperate need of a glass of wine. badweek tired	Can not seriously wait to see the back of this week. In desperate need of a glass of wine. badweek tired	0
UGHH WHAT SHOULD I DO FOR MY 2K TWEET?!? It is such a hard decision!!!	UGHH WHAT SHOULD I DO FOR MY 2K TWEET?!? It is such a hard decision!!!	0
Feel like absolute shit,back pains and chest pains,so much on my mind errgggg!:'( back shoulder pain football	Feel like absolute shit,back pains and chest pains,so much on my mind errgggg!:'( back shoulder pain football	0
My kids are being soo bad today! Rosas for dinner and finishing work for the semester! Ready for summer break! exhausted	My kids are being soo bad today! Rosas for dinner and finishing work for the semester! Ready for summer break! exhausted	0
But WHY do old people watch videos without headphones at the airport? Its just as bad as loud chewing	But WHY do old people watch videos without headphones at the airport? Its just as bad as loud chewing	0
3 test tmrw 1 Friday I hate how teachers cram the week before exams n give us tests back to back	3 test tmrw 1 Friday I hate how teachers cram the week before exams n give us tests back to back	0
In desperate need of four bottles of wine, a large pizza and some sappy movies	In desperate need of four bottles of wine, a large pizza and some sappy movies	0
Having to sell my pc is not the easiest thing ive ever done, but id rather not be homeless. Still trying to catch up on rent so i can save to get my daughter a car seat and bassinet at least. I swear stress is going to kill me.  money taxes PregnantWife	Having to sell my pc is not the easiest thing ive ever done, but id rather not be homeless. Still trying to catch up on rent so i can save to get my daughter a car seat and bassinet at least. I swear stress is going to kill me.  money taxes PregnantWife	0
Dinner in the slow cooker.. Laptop put down now time to chill and watch chick flicks on the sofa	Dinner in the slow cooker.. Laptop put down now time to chill and watch chick flicks on the sofa	0
So trying to find a wedding venue Why are we trying to do this in 6 months and on a budget???!!!	So trying to find a wedding venue Why are we trying to do this in 6 months and on a budget???!!!	0
I hate Verizon right now! Because of it, i can't send texts to any non iPhones and I can't make calls! pissed.	I hate Verizon right now! Because of it, i can't send texts to any non iPhones and I can't make calls! pissed.	0
So much to do;so little time.that's why I'm so ! An extra hour in the day would help.I think I'm gonna take a few vacay days!	So much to do;so little time.that's why I'm so ! An extra hour in the day would help.I think I'm gonna take a few vacay days!	0
Today is a bad day and I really don't like bad days :(( I need to escape from here	Today is a bad day and I really don't like bad days :(( I need to escape from here	0
oh I've text you loads!!!! We are getting pissed when I get home sad needya xxx	oh I've text you loads!!!! We are getting pissed when I get home sad needya xxx	0
It's unhealthy for me to rant on twitter so I'm just gonna lay here and talk to myself specialj	It's unhealthy for me to rant on twitter so I'm just gonna lay here and talk to myself specialj	0
Freaaaaaakkkk!!! I'm going crazy in what to do!! Should I try to transfer now for fall or next spring semester ahhh!!!	Freaaaaaakkkk!!! I'm going crazy in what to do!! Should I try to transfer now for fall or next spring semester ahhh!!!	0
I've got dark circles under my eyes . How do I get rid of them?	I've got dark circles under my eyes . How do I get rid of them?	0
Got 20 dresses out wondering what to wear morro depends on what lipstick i have got to match stressed haha x	Got 20 dresses out wondering what to wear morro depends on what lipstick i have got to match stressed haha x	0
I just need one day to relax and not have something go wrong. Apparently that's too much to ask for. Struggling	I just need one day to relax and not have something go wrong. Apparently that's too much to ask for. Struggling	0
I need about a week long vacation away from everybody. BY MYSELF!! Or some racing somewhere or something. Just need to get away!	I need about a week long vacation away from everybody. BY MYSELF!! Or some racing somewhere or something. Just need to get away!	0
well we have that stupid buy it thing due the same time so i got it out of the way. SO MUCH WORK	well we have that stupid buy it thing due the same time so i got it out of the way. SO MUCH WORK	0
Things I hate about family vacations: parents making me responsible for directions but then freaking out about which road to take	Things I hate about family vacations: parents making me responsible for directions but then freaking out about which road to take	0
If I don't make it into the nursing program in the spring ill fuxkin cry n if I do make it in ill still fuckin cry	If I don't make it into the nursing program in the spring ill fuxkin cry n if I do make it in ill still fuckin cry	0
So uni have just moved the deadline on my work from the 22nd may to the 12th may, that's ten days less fml	So uni have just moved the deadline on my work from the 22nd may to the 12th may, that's ten days less fml	0
My rendition of the typical white girl bubble bath photo opt longhairdontcare stressed muchneeded whiteg	My rendition of the typical white girl bubble bath photo opt longhairdontcare stressed muchneeded whiteg	0
Trying to sort my order out with is probing difficult!  nobody getting back to me!	Trying to sort my order out with is probing difficult!  nobody getting back to me!	0
I wish my life would just stop falling apart already. :( I don't know how much more I can handle!	I wish my life would just stop falling apart already. :( I don't know how much more I can handle!	0
I keep missing my morphine dose 'cause of this bullshit and it's really starting to be a problem.	I keep missing my morphine dose 'cause of this bullshit and it's really starting to be a problem.	0
Why does everything always go wrong at the same time, not one thing at a time!!!!	Why does everything always go wrong at the same time, not one thing at a time!!!!	0
Man I hate finding taxes. It so confusing and stressful to me. Thank God I got it done.	Man I hate finding taxes. It so confusing and stressful to me. Thank God I got it done.	0
So I'm playing candy crush on the bus then look up and realise that Ive missed my stop wet	So I'm playing candy crush on the bus then look up and realise that Ive missed my stop wet	0
Sometimes a girl needs to treat herself or she will go more insane than she already is. manipedi relax crazyworld	Sometimes a girl needs to treat herself or she will go more insane than she already is. manipedi relax crazyworld	0
I was looking forward for tonight for a week. And nothing we planned happened disappointed	I was looking forward for tonight for a week. And nothing we planned happened disappointed	0
Scheduling officials for elite 8 and beyond is difficult. Especially when you have to go around schedules and 10 games a night.	Scheduling officials for elite 8 and beyond is difficult. Especially when you have to go around schedules and 10 games a night.	0
Is it weird that when Im mad I organize my dairy bowl binder and study?	Is it weird that when Im mad I organize my dairy bowl binder and study?	0
today the Pats game and 's first game starting are both at the same time, and i just can't watch two games at once	today the Pats game and 's first game starting are both at the same time, and i just can't watch two games at once	0
3 hours later and the application still isnt ready, second interview tomorrow argh not sure i even want this job anymore	3 hours later and the application still isnt ready, second interview tomorrow argh not sure i even want this job anymore	0
I'm bored feel like knocking crap out the bag !! Right of the garage I go punch box kick fight to much energy	I'm bored feel like knocking crap out the bag !! Right of the garage I go punch box kick fight to much energy	0
Feeling alone and feeling like you always have to do everything hurts and is the worst feeling in the world.	Feeling alone and feeling like you always have to do everything hurts and is the worst feeling in the world.	0
Anyone else get into those really sad moods, where you kinda just wanna cry and go to bed? confused	Anyone else get into those really sad moods, where you kinda just wanna cry and go to bed? confused	0
How come whenever you have something important to do on the computer it seems to have a stupid freak out and not work? annoyed	How come whenever you have something important to do on the computer it seems to have a stupid freak out and not work? annoyed	0
Oh its okay computer, you can die two days before a test when ALL OF MY NOTES ARE ON YOU fucked justwhatineeded	Oh its okay computer, you can die two days before a test when ALL OF MY NOTES ARE ON YOU fucked justwhatineeded	0
Probably one of the worst nights I've had in a long time, so glad it's over.	Probably one of the worst nights I've had in a long time, so glad it's over.	0
Seems like I'm gonna have to start going back to smoking again . But at the same time I need to get this job .	Seems like I'm gonna have to start going back to smoking again . But at the same time I need to get this job .	0
Running a restaurant Is so difficult I now admire what my parents do on a daily basis	Running a restaurant Is so difficult I now admire what my parents do on a daily basis	0
I can feel so much tension in my shoulders and I just want it to go away :(	I can feel so much tension in my shoulders and I just want it to go away :(	0
If you think an 8-hour work day is toughtry going to school after for another 2.5 hours. crazy learning MBA	If you think an 8-hour work day is toughtry going to school after for another 2.5 hours. crazy learning MBA	0
Literally the shittiest day ever! I've never wanted to hide away for the rest of my life so bad! Oh wait I have.	Literally the shittiest day ever! I've never wanted to hide away for the rest of my life so bad! Oh wait I have.	0
I actually hate supermarkets, it takes me forever to find what I want. Doesn't help when also shopping for the boss!	I actually hate supermarkets, it takes me forever to find what I want. Doesn't help when also shopping for the boss!	0
Pretty much the worst few days of my life! Now Going to curl up in a ball and sleep sick tired	Pretty much the worst few days of my life! Now Going to curl up in a ball and sleep sick tired	0
I wonder who invented education Just wished that you come back to life, so i can end you again.	I wonder who invented education Just wished that you come back to life, so i can end you again.	0
BURNING THE MIDNIGHT OIL. So many stuffs to attend to, and im not even Halfway yet! :(((((	BURNING THE MIDNIGHT OIL. So many stuffs to attend to, and im not even Halfway yet! :(((((	0
im starting to realize it was a bad idea putting off all this transferring stuff oops	im starting to realize it was a bad idea putting off all this transferring stuff oops	0
I need someone to make me a mix CD for my roadtrip to LBC in 2 weeks cuz I'm gunna be too broke to buy songs on iTunes. Ha sad	I need someone to make me a mix CD for my roadtrip to LBC in 2 weeks cuz I'm gunna be too broke to buy songs on iTunes. Ha sad	0
My eyes are starting to close.. ughh.. I'm not done studying yet.. please.. i gotta study.. please..	My eyes are starting to close.. ughh.. I'm not done studying yet.. please.. i gotta study.. please..	0
I bet I will have my first grey hair by the end of this year!	I bet I will have my first grey hair by the end of this year!	0
The fact that today has been one of the hardest days in a while<;<;<;<; tired	The fact that today has been one of the hardest days in a while<;<;<;<; tired	0
It's so hard living in another country and being The crazy maid of honour bridal planning	It's so hard living in another country and being The crazy maid of honour bridal planning	0
Could do with a few days on a desert island no one and nothing to stress me out!	Could do with a few days on a desert island no one and nothing to stress me out!	0
Why do managers feel the need to pile on paperwork and audits when we want to just spend time caring for patients the way we want?	Why do managers feel the need to pile on paperwork and audits when we want to just spend time caring for patients the way we want?	0
In Biology today, we checked our pulses per minute. Apparently the average should be about 70-80 I got 96. :/	In Biology today, we checked our pulses per minute. Apparently the average should be about 70-80 I got 96. :/	0
I think I'm going to take a nap and then finish this studying. God I hate organic with a passion. :( overwhelmed	I think I'm going to take a nap and then finish this studying. God I hate organic with a passion. :( overwhelmed	0
Absolutely shocking customer service from trying to return a faulty bag never shopping there again !	Absolutely shocking customer service from trying to return a faulty bag never shopping there again !	0
I had the worst day ever, and it keeps getting worse. I hate school, Macbeth, this essay, working, and math.	I had the worst day ever, and it keeps getting worse. I hate school, Macbeth, this essay, working, and math.	0
Packing my room up an find a little bottle of Jger, think il need it when im finished!	Packing my room up an find a little bottle of Jger, think il need it when im finished!	0
Is there anyone out there shooting long period time-lapse that is not in a controlled environment?	Is there anyone out there shooting long period time-lapse that is not in a controlled environment?	0
I've came to the realization that I can barely tolerate anyone anymore..why do people act so ignorant and not realize it. annoyed	I've came to the realization that I can barely tolerate anyone anymore..why do people act so ignorant and not realize it. annoyed	0
I really hope I'm not the only one whose going to fail that geography test tomorrow.	I really hope I'm not the only one whose going to fail that geography test tomorrow.	0
Took me this long to actually get twitter and now i dont know how use it	Took me this long to actually get twitter and now i dont know how use it	0
Just when i thought my week couldn't get any worse i get pimples on my face.	Just when i thought my week couldn't get any worse i get pimples on my face.	0
Ugh im so sick of homework i need a massage really bad to relax my mind	Ugh im so sick of homework i need a massage really bad to relax my mind	0
I wish professors would let each other know when they schedule tests so students wouldn't have multiple tests in one day.	I wish professors would let each other know when they schedule tests so students wouldn't have multiple tests in one day.	0
I really wana just cry cause I'm so tired but I wana study for SAT but physically can't	I really wana just cry cause I'm so tired but I wana study for SAT but physically can't	0
Worst day in a long time. college jerks noboyfriend nosleep notime stresspimples I hate complaining but I am a wreck	Worst day in a long time. college jerks noboyfriend nosleep notime stresspimples I hate complaining but I am a wreck	0
When you're still not done with your paper that's due tomorrow and you have 6 exams next week (4 of which are on one day)	When you're still not done with your paper that's due tomorrow and you have 6 exams next week (4 of which are on one day)	0
I'm sick n got a lot on my mind. This really don't mix well .	I'm sick n got a lot on my mind. This really don't mix well .	0
Peed off cuz I missed Twisted tonite. And really mad cuz what everyones sayin sounds like it was crazy. . Ill watch it today	Peed off cuz I missed Twisted tonite. And really mad cuz what everyones sayin sounds like it was crazy. . Ill watch it today	0
I've never been pulled over and the one day I'm having a terrible day I get pulled over. myluck	I've never been pulled over and the one day I'm having a terrible day I get pulled over. myluck	0
I am devastated by Southwest airlines. Website does not work and no one answers the phone. fail	I am devastated by Southwest airlines. Website does not work and no one answers the phone. fail	0
My essay is so bad that I don't even want to hand it in tomorrow	My essay is so bad that I don't even want to hand it in tomorrow	0
That moment when I'm eating an apple and it snaps in half before I get a bite bc I don't realize how tight I'm holding it	That moment when I'm eating an apple and it snaps in half before I get a bite bc I don't realize how tight I'm holding it	0
As days go by i start to care less and less about alot of things	As days go by i start to care less and less about alot of things	0
This garage sale is already driving me insane and we haven't even had it yet.anxiety shiteverywhere garagesale	This garage sale is already driving me insane and we haven't even had it yet.anxiety shiteverywhere garagesale	0
been feeling quite meh the past few days. very stressed out.. and worried about if everything will come together as i hope :(	been feeling quite meh the past few days. very stressed out.. and worried about if everything will come together as i hope :(	0
Had to reapply for a visa for Sri Lanka as my visa I applied for weeks ago got deleted from my email and then vanishedand my boarding pass said I need all hard copies of my travel document (visa/passport)	Had to reapply for a visa for Sri Lanka as my visa I applied for weeks ago got deleted from my email and then vanishedand my boarding pass said I need all hard copies of my travel document (visa/passport)	0
Sometimes I just wanna pack up n start all over again. Today is 1 of them days!	Sometimes I just wanna pack up n start all over again. Today is 1 of them days!	0
I swear my chest would feel better if my heart could be ripped from it.	I swear my chest would feel better if my heart could be ripped from it.	0
For now I'm just going to sleep before I say or do something stupid  goodnight	For now I'm just going to sleep before I say or do something stupid  goodnight	0
I have so much to get done and it's always all at once and I have a cold and just want to sleep	I have so much to get done and it's always all at once and I have a cold and just want to sleep	0
Safe to say I'm sick of my life right now, doesn't help that I'm giving up smoking!! angry	Safe to say I'm sick of my life right now, doesn't help that I'm giving up smoking!! angry	0
is it really bad if I just have a few glasses of wine right night alone ?	is it really bad if I just have a few glasses of wine right night alone ?	0
Not looking forward to work in 7 hours. Meh! Roll on Friday a day off! tired	Not looking forward to work in 7 hours. Meh! Roll on Friday a day off! tired	0
I think I went into Christmas mode a little too early, leaving stuff till the last minute is not the one	I think I went into Christmas mode a little too early, leaving stuff till the last minute is not the one	0
Some people are having awful problems on twitter today, here i an trying to win the league in fifa	Some people are having awful problems on twitter today, here i an trying to win the league in fifa	0
Annoying slow drivers that stay In the outside lane on the duel carriageway!! arrggghhh hurryup properhelmet	Annoying slow drivers that stay In the outside lane on the duel carriageway!! arrggghhh hurryup properhelmet	0
I don't know how I'm gonna make it through tomorrow. I am barely making it today	I don't know how I'm gonna make it through tomorrow. I am barely making it today	0
As much as I absolutely hate this snow, the snow days are probably the only reason I'm alive.	As much as I absolutely hate this snow, the snow days are probably the only reason I'm alive.	0
You know you're stressed when you get an infected eye and a giant cold sore suddenly appears on your lip.	You know you're stressed when you get an infected eye and a giant cold sore suddenly appears on your lip.	0
Sat watching fright night with and Reece, having a think over the events of today	Sat watching fright night with and Reece, having a think over the events of today	0
Everything always has to be so hard for me. I can't wait to go to college and live in Maryland next summer.	Everything always has to be so hard for me. I can't wait to go to college and live in Maryland next summer.	0
The worst thing about the boss being away for a week sick is when she comes back. grumpy	The worst thing about the boss being away for a week sick is when she comes back. grumpy	0
Thank God it's Thursday My mind has been an awful place to be lately Need these 3 days off desperately  Really feeling my age lately OldLady	Thank God it's Thursday My mind has been an awful place to be lately Need these 3 days off desperately  Really feeling my age lately OldLady	0
Just got home and I'm already stressed out. Do I ever get a break?! Ugh	Just got home and I'm already stressed out. Do I ever get a break?! Ugh	0
If anybody wanted to take me to the store so I can grab butts I wouldn't hate the idea bumlife nocar	If anybody wanted to take me to the store so I can grab butts I wouldn't hate the idea bumlife nocar	0
There's so much to being an Interior Designer that has nothing to do with Interior Design. It's crazy.	There's so much to being an Interior Designer that has nothing to do with Interior Design. It's crazy.	0
This is just not my week at all. One thing after another. Make it stop! angry frustrated	This is just not my week at all. One thing after another. Make it stop! angry frustrated	0
Ugh this day already sucks.. Idk where I left my brain but if you all see it let me know!	Ugh this day already sucks.. Idk where I left my brain but if you all see it let me know!	0
When you havent packed to move at all and the complex calls you last minute to say you move in in 2 days	When you havent packed to move at all and the complex calls you last minute to say you move in in 2 days	0
I'm already having a bad day and it's only 9:45 I just want to sleep for a week and wake up when it's over.	I'm already having a bad day and it's only 9:45 I just want to sleep for a week and wake up when it's over.	0
its a request to take a decision about foreign language as it can be skipped!! It is stressful and frustrating.. SyllabusForStudents2020	its a request to take a decision about foreign language as it can be skipped!! It is stressful and frustrating.. SyllabusForStudents2020	0
Paris doesn't have any lanes on their streets, cars and bikes and buses are literally all weaving in and out of each other.	Paris doesn't have any lanes on their streets, cars and bikes and buses are literally all weaving in and out of each other.	0
I just want some Oreos with a glass of milk watch a movie and shut the world off. exhausted	I just want some Oreos with a glass of milk watch a movie and shut the world off. exhausted	0
Patiently (not) waiting for Jasey to get me. I need some serious therapeutic cuddles cuddles boyfriend	Patiently (not) waiting for Jasey to get me. I need some serious therapeutic cuddles cuddles boyfriend	0
Maths, Accounting, Business, Geography, English homework and a 6 page essay due tomorrow. FML TheLifeOfTheStudent Sad	Maths, Accounting, Business, Geography, English homework and a 6 page essay due tomorrow. FML TheLifeOfTheStudent Sad	0
Sick of people not taking my advice. Have fun when what I warned you about happens. Dont come crying to me!! angry tired	Sick of people not taking my advice. Have fun when what I warned you about happens. Dont come crying to me!! angry tired	0
I want to go look for other/more senior picture stuff but I'm sick of going out and finding nothing.	I want to go look for other/more senior picture stuff but I'm sick of going out and finding nothing.	0
I have two letters for you. One of them is F. And the other one's U" -Thank you Miley Cyrus finals ahhhhh hatepeople	I have two letters for you. One of them is F. And the other one's U" -Thank you Miley Cyrus finals ahhhhh hatepeople	0
Due to roadworks W7 is taking about 10/15 mins longer than usual. Got on at 8, not at Finsbury Park till 8.25. late	Due to roadworks W7 is taking about 10/15 mins longer than usual. Got on at 8, not at Finsbury Park till 8.25. late	0
I can't watch the sens game. I'm going for a run - I hope I can complete a 5k after 9 days of pure gluttony and inactivity	I can't watch the sens game. I'm going for a run - I hope I can complete a 5k after 9 days of pure gluttony and inactivity	0
How is it that something so happy instantly is turned into something so frustrating and wrong.	How is it that something so happy instantly is turned into something so frustrating and wrong.	0
actually managed to cross everything off this weekend's to do list! That's a first. Next week's to do list is a bit scary though	actually managed to cross everything off this weekend's to do list! That's a first. Next week's to do list is a bit scary though	0
I'm so down about things but can't even talk to my friends about it cuz they don't understand.	I'm so down about things but can't even talk to my friends about it cuz they don't understand.	0
Idk why it matters but for some weird reason I feel like I'm not good enough..	Idk why it matters but for some weird reason I feel like I'm not good enough..	0
Staying up until midnight writing a writing paper, and then forget it a few hours later after you print it mylife	Staying up until midnight writing a writing paper, and then forget it a few hours later after you print it mylife	0
Feeling like an adrenaline junkie right now. Anyone want to go skydiving, base jumping, bungie jumping, or ziplining?	Feeling like an adrenaline junkie right now. Anyone want to go skydiving, base jumping, bungie jumping, or ziplining?	0
I seriously hate this Only less than 24 hours to memorize two monologues TheatreProblems AADAAudition	I seriously hate this Only less than 24 hours to memorize two monologues TheatreProblems AADAAudition	0
The traffic is INSANE today! Late for meeting I hate being late. Grrrrrrr Need to do some self hypnosis to calm down.	The traffic is INSANE today! Late for meeting I hate being late. Grrrrrrr Need to do some self hypnosis to calm down.	0
Literally I only sleep when Devins playing with my hair and that really sucks when he's not here.	Literally I only sleep when Devins playing with my hair and that really sucks when he's not here.	0
Sick of having a annoying room mate that snores and grinds his teeth and make loud ass weird noises all night!	Sick of having a annoying room mate that snores and grinds his teeth and make loud ass weird noises all night!	0
Not a good night for me. My mind is not a good place to be right now, just wish I could fall asleep. tired	Not a good night for me. My mind is not a good place to be right now, just wish I could fall asleep. tired	0
Like 10 people came up to me today and told me I looked like I was drowning. They don't know the half of it.	Like 10 people came up to me today and told me I looked like I was drowning. They don't know the half of it.	0
Y does everything have to b complicated!!!! Please can something just b straight forward for once!! confused	Y does everything have to b complicated!!!! Please can something just b straight forward for once!! confused	0
Literally cannot wait to go home for easter getmeaway stressed annoyed Not in the mood what so ever.	Literally cannot wait to go home for easter getmeaway stressed annoyed Not in the mood what so ever.	0
I hate that I get anxiety over things so bad! I want to keep breast feeding, but it's just not going the way I thought it would!	I hate that I get anxiety over things so bad! I want to keep breast feeding, but it's just not going the way I thought it would!	0
Mrs. Simmons gave me a week extension for the English essay, but I'm still not sure how I'm gonna get it done	Mrs. Simmons gave me a week extension for the English essay, but I'm still not sure how I'm gonna get it done	0
Alright so if I mess up but I didnt know I mess you tell me that I mess upI ask how you tell me I should know how Where is this going!	Alright so if I mess up but I didnt know I mess you tell me that I mess upI ask how you tell me I should know how Where is this going!	0
My chest is constricting so hard, I feel like I'm having a heart attack, but I know I'm not.	My chest is constricting so hard, I feel like I'm having a heart attack, but I know I'm not.	0
It's been a crap day and night.. I just want sleep and to not be so stressed..	It's been a crap day and night.. I just want sleep and to not be so stressed..	0
Feeling stressed out, lonely, or unfulfilled? Take a break from mundanity and go on an all-American sex vacation!	Feeling stressed out, lonely, or unfulfilled? Take a break from mundanity and go on an all-American sex vacation!	0
I don't know what to do. A thing happened. I am . Hard to sleep. Things to deal with	I don't know what to do. A thing happened. I am . Hard to sleep. Things to deal with	0
Going to go into Gtown tomorrow dress shopping it's less than 2 weeks to the wedding and I still have no dress	Going to go into Gtown tomorrow dress shopping it's less than 2 weeks to the wedding and I still have no dress	0
My sister cleared out our bank account and left an "I'm Sorry" note with the debit card.. The rent's due tomorrow	My sister cleared out our bank account and left an "I'm Sorry" note with the debit card.. The rent's due tomorrow	0
Muffins, Shepard's pie, egg custard tarts, meringues, and gingerbread in one week. Must be dead week. finals bakingaddiction	Muffins, Shepard's pie, egg custard tarts, meringues, and gingerbread in one week. Must be dead week. finals bakingaddiction	0
Giving up because you feel like its the right thing to do but is it really?thinking upset flashbacks hurt broken	Giving up because you feel like its the right thing to do but is it really?thinking upset flashbacks hurt broken	0
Eng isu, careers isu, eng essay due all in 1 week + having to keep up with all the bs work Ms. Dsouza gives us. ****	Eng isu, careers isu, eng essay due all in 1 week + having to keep up with all the bs work Ms. Dsouza gives us. ****	0
I don't do girly nights where I pamper myself very often but tonight I just need it stressed pamper	I don't do girly nights where I pamper myself very often but tonight I just need it stressed pamper	0
Tip 3: If you are feeling or anxious try talking to either a friend and/or therapist.	Tip 3: If you are feeling or anxious try talking to either a friend and/or therapist.	0
Trying to get from Lampeter to Exeter within the hours the bus runsand have a meeting with Oliver Creighton is impossible! !!!!	Trying to get from Lampeter to Exeter within the hours the bus runsand have a meeting with Oliver Creighton is impossible! !!!!	0
So . Sis in accident with my car. I'm playing mom while she's in hospital. Money is tight. No transportation.	So . Sis in accident with my car. I'm playing mom while she's in hospital. Money is tight. No transportation.	0
Xmas shopping trip abandoned due to bad kids so double the work tomorrow, oh the joys of xmas	Xmas shopping trip abandoned due to bad kids so double the work tomorrow, oh the joys of xmas	0
I so do not have time to sit in this pointless class. I have too much other stuff to do.	I so do not have time to sit in this pointless class. I have too much other stuff to do.	0
I hate it when teachers assign books and expect you to read it in a couple of days..	I hate it when teachers assign books and expect you to read it in a couple of days..	0
I just want to lay down and cuddle, is that too much to ask???!!! TIRED	I just want to lay down and cuddle, is that too much to ask???!!! TIRED	0
It's the second full week of school, and I am already floored by all the crap I need to do.	It's the second full week of school, and I am already floored by all the crap I need to do.	0
in the situation of anxiety and depression we want less stress from the unreasonable behavior of our superiors rather than providing any counselling please be lenient why to take such exams which are open book that doesn't make any sens	in the situation of anxiety and depression we want less stress from the unreasonable behavior of our superiors rather than providing any counselling please be lenient why to take such exams which are open book that doesn't make any sens	0
I forgive but trust, i dont forget. Im too sick to even get mad or spazz out, but trust, wen i get well, imma handle it. &sick	I forgive but trust, i dont forget. Im too sick to even get mad or spazz out, but trust, wen i get well, imma handle it. &sick	0
I'm honestly so tired, the things that I am saying and doing make absolutely no sense needsleep	I'm honestly so tired, the things that I am saying and doing make absolutely no sense needsleep	0
In A Really Bad Mood Today Beyond I Just Wanna Hurry And Get Back To Doing What I Love	In A Really Bad Mood Today Beyond I Just Wanna Hurry And Get Back To Doing What I Love	0
I hate packing! I can't predict what I'm going to want in the future. I'm no future teller.	I hate packing! I can't predict what I'm going to want in the future. I'm no future teller.	0
I hate thy the one time I need help with my math my mom takes forever to get out the door like seriouslyI told you this	I hate thy the one time I need help with my math my mom takes forever to get out the door like seriouslyI told you this	0
This research project overwhelms my brain so much I just shut down mentally and physically. I hate English. I hate that class.	This research project overwhelms my brain so much I just shut down mentally and physically. I hate English. I hate that class.	0
If anyone sees me sobbing 3rd block, it's going to be because I failed the ap bio midterm	If anyone sees me sobbing 3rd block, it's going to be because I failed the ap bio midterm	0
Someone please put me out of my misery. on the verge of crying in the study lounge.	Someone please put me out of my misery. on the verge of crying in the study lounge.	0
Figuring out a career that you want to pursue after highschool is probably the hardest thing	Figuring out a career that you want to pursue after highschool is probably the hardest thing	0
I mean I always wanted a cast when I was little, but not 3 weeks before prom Annoyed	I mean I always wanted a cast when I was little, but not 3 weeks before prom Annoyed	0
What a long week @ work tired thank God I'm off tomorrow! sleepin metime longbath relax  jazZhands 4 excitement	What a long week @ work tired thank God I'm off tomorrow! sleepin metime longbath relax  jazZhands 4 excitement	0
I like how when I don't understand something, Jose takes the time to explain it all. My brain has been mush from work lately	I like how when I don't understand something, Jose takes the time to explain it all. My brain has been mush from work lately	0
So my knees are dunzo from over exercising! Someones just collapsed on me after i left the gym! Stressed Can't Cope	So my knees are dunzo from over exercising! Someones just collapsed on me after i left the gym! Stressed Can't Cope	0
all my websites are down and for last 3 hours when will it be fixed	all my websites are down and for last 3 hours when will it be fixed	0
3 yo 'what's Harry doing mummy?' Me 'being horrible.' 3 yo 'oh! That's not good news is it mummy?' No, no it isn't.	3 yo 'what's Harry doing mummy?' Me 'being horrible.' 3 yo 'oh! That's not good news is it mummy?' No, no it isn't.	0
i know ea terms of service cannot discuss a current investigation on here but do you know how long it can take to resolve its been 2 weeks now case still in progress? Cheers	i know ea terms of service cannot discuss a current investigation on here but do you know how long it can take to resolve its been 2 weeks now case still in progress? Cheers	0
the girl wants to b like me so fukn bad its unreal. i done beat the girl. forget about me damn girl. u that	the girl wants to b like me so fukn bad its unreal. i done beat the girl. forget about me damn girl. u that	0
I feel like a failure because I have no idea what to do with my life	I feel like a failure because I have no idea what to do with my life	0
Even when or sad we can alleviate the pain by PAUSING and seeking out the POSITIVES.. the tiniest bit of gratitude. It works..	Even when or sad we can alleviate the pain by PAUSING and seeking out the POSITIVES.. the tiniest bit of gratitude. It works..	0
Spent a solid 20 hours over history day this week and still not done done screwed	Spent a solid 20 hours over history day this week and still not done done screwed	0
In the train for droidconUK finalizing my slides and a little bit for tomorrow !	In the train for droidconUK finalizing my slides and a little bit for tomorrow !	0
I just need a metal health day to get a massage, my hair done, and a mani and pedi	I just need a metal health day to get a massage, my hair done, and a mani and pedi	0
Having decisions to make but not wanting to make them 'cuz you're afraid of hurting someone	Having decisions to make but not wanting to make them 'cuz you're afraid of hurting someone	0
spending this day in bed, with svu and a box of oreos comfortfood favoriteshow sad blah	spending this day in bed, with svu and a box of oreos comfortfood favoriteshow sad blah	0
Looking at schools to go to and figuring out what major I wanna commit to is some scary stuff	Looking at schools to go to and figuring out what major I wanna commit to is some scary stuff	0
I feel guilty for callin it a nite @ 2am cuz there's tons to do.I can feel the knot forming in my shoulders overwhelmed	I feel guilty for callin it a nite @ 2am cuz there's tons to do.I can feel the knot forming in my shoulders overwhelmed	0
Feeling so down. Totally stressed out from school and just life in general. I just don't know what to do.	Feeling so down. Totally stressed out from school and just life in general. I just don't know what to do.	0
words cannot describe how badly i cannot wait to be home this weekendthese last few weeks have destroyed my brain str	words cannot describe how badly i cannot wait to be home this weekendthese last few weeks have destroyed my brain str	0
If it's true what anybody has said now. I don't know what I'm going to do. neverbeen	If it's true what anybody has said now. I don't know what I'm going to do. neverbeen	0
If you lose someone's props, at least have the decency to tell them!  seriously comeon furious	If you lose someone's props, at least have the decency to tell them!  seriously comeon furious	0
Just instantly got depressed when I remembered I have my first final tomorrow :( Boo Psychology	Just instantly got depressed when I remembered I have my first final tomorrow :( Boo Psychology	0
if my mom goes to work tomorrow, i'm going in late so i can write the damn essay.	if my mom goes to work tomorrow, i'm going in late so i can write the damn essay.	0
Scared my driver won't find my residence and ill be stranded here, which wouldn't be the worst thing in the world but a bit pricy	Scared my driver won't find my residence and ill be stranded here, which wouldn't be the worst thing in the world but a bit pricy	0
Instead of going crazy with my spending these are the time where I wish I would have been an adult about my checks and saved..	Instead of going crazy with my spending these are the time where I wish I would have been an adult about my checks and saved..	0
Tfw you're so busy you don't even know what day of the week it is. Seriously when was it Saturday?	Tfw you're so busy you don't even know what day of the week it is. Seriously when was it Saturday?	0
Well at least you can still walk and occasional roll ! These people are RIDIC!!	Well at least you can still walk and occasional roll ! These people are RIDIC!!	0
The millennial generation wins a prize no one wants: they are the most stressed. How does your teen handle stress?	The millennial generation wins a prize no one wants: they are the most stressed. How does your teen handle stress?	0
Can't tell if I'm just super exhausted or I'm on the verge of another breakdown.	Can't tell if I'm just super exhausted or I'm on the verge of another breakdown.	0
Today was a crazy day but o well on more to come for tomorrow >;_<;	Today was a crazy day but o well on more to come for tomorrow >;_<;	0
The fact that and phones are both dead <;<;<;<;<; who do I text now ?!?	The fact that and phones are both dead <;<;<;<;<; who do I text now ?!?	0
lyn's complaining the custard ive made is too thin, i wouldnt mind but she kept going at me IT'S CUSTARD IT THICKENS!!!!!!!!!	lyn's complaining the custard ive made is too thin, i wouldnt mind but she kept going at me IT'S CUSTARD IT THICKENS!!!!!!!!!	0
Aim for today is to finish my sketchbook, I have a long way to go	Aim for today is to finish my sketchbook, I have a long way to go	0
We have planes constantly flying overhead these days. It's so distracting. When did we agree to be under a flight path? annoyed	We have planes constantly flying overhead these days. It's so distracting. When did we agree to be under a flight path? annoyed	0
Sometimes we just need to not take life so seriously. We aren't on this planet for long, why spend everyday we are, out?	Sometimes we just need to not take life so seriously. We aren't on this planet for long, why spend everyday we are, out?	0
Desperately trying to keep calm and relaxed. Nothing helps. Still feel the need to punch them in the face. justfuckoff nothanks	Desperately trying to keep calm and relaxed. Nothing helps. Still feel the need to punch them in the face. justfuckoff nothanks	0
I feel like it's going to be a long day at work today before I get to see	I feel like it's going to be a long day at work today before I get to see	0
Where's the nearest bridge? Because I'm gonna jump off it. So tired emotional BangingHead DownInTheDumps. I need a	Where's the nearest bridge? Because I'm gonna jump off it. So tired emotional BangingHead DownInTheDumps. I need a	0
Just wondering.. do we have nerves on the end of r actuall nervs?? Cos somebody is really on every single last one	Just wondering.. do we have nerves on the end of r actuall nervs?? Cos somebody is really on every single last one	0
Sleep paralysis is worse than any nightmare. I have slept maybe 4 hours all weekend.. problems	Sleep paralysis is worse than any nightmare. I have slept maybe 4 hours all weekend.. problems	0
A glass of 18yr old scotch is exactly what I need tonight traveling home unpacking	A glass of 18yr old scotch is exactly what I need tonight traveling home unpacking	0
You know your day blows when class time is your down time on homework  Too blessed to be stressed baby!	You know your day blows when class time is your down time on homework  Too blessed to be stressed baby!	0
I swear all my professors get together and assign a shit ton of work all at the same time. So much to do so little time	I swear all my professors get together and assign a shit ton of work all at the same time. So much to do so little time	0
Transferring to a new location at the end of the pay period sucks. How the hell am I going to pay my rent???	Transferring to a new location at the end of the pay period sucks. How the hell am I going to pay my rent???	0
I hate the week before spring break because every professor feels the need to give a test or assign a paper.. This week is hell	I hate the week before spring break because every professor feels the need to give a test or assign a paper.. This week is hell	0
Today really feels like one of those scary days. It required a jam sandwich and a gin a midnight.	Today really feels like one of those scary days. It required a jam sandwich and a gin a midnight.	0
it feels a little awkward to be back in class after being at home for over a week	it feels a little awkward to be back in class after being at home for over a week	0
haven't felt this low in a long fucking time. not down for shit right now.	haven't felt this low in a long fucking time. not down for shit right now.	0
Here lately all I look forward to is getting drunk on the weekends and sleeping in.	Here lately all I look forward to is getting drunk on the weekends and sleeping in.	0
why did I chose to study French, Spanish and Enlgish Lit at A-level, too much work that is too hard for my small brain:(	why did I chose to study French, Spanish and Enlgish Lit at A-level, too much work that is too hard for my small brain:(	0
Well verdict is bc Parkland is a government entity I had 6 months to sue. I missed my deadline. So I'm fucked no one will help me. :/ I wanna crawl into a hole and die! depressed	Well verdict is bc Parkland is a government entity I had 6 months to sue. I missed my deadline. So I'm fucked no one will help me. :/ I wanna crawl into a hole and die! depressed	0
Openly accepting prayers for this test I'm about to take, the test I have tomorrow, and the semester project that's due Friday.	Openly accepting prayers for this test I'm about to take, the test I have tomorrow, and the semester project that's due Friday.	0
One 5 page paper down, another 3 page paper, practicing, reading and a project to go.	One 5 page paper down, another 3 page paper, practicing, reading and a project to go.	0
ThoughtsInMyHead Everything's falling apart now. I feel like it was a waste of my moms money to even buy the hotel room.	ThoughtsInMyHead Everything's falling apart now. I feel like it was a waste of my moms money to even buy the hotel room.	0
I am so done with this week. I honestly don't think I can take any more.	I am so done with this week. I honestly don't think I can take any more.	0
My mom was likethis looks like the road where the killer comes and kidnaps you and chops you up. icant	My mom was likethis looks like the road where the killer comes and kidnaps you and chops you up. icant	0
Yung morning and afternoon yesterday hindi busy tapos 7pm pa naforward ang documents for my review and needed for submission today. Team walang tulugan tuloy ako.	Yung morning and afternoon yesterday hindi busy tapos 7pm pa naforward ang documents for my review and needed for submission today. Team walang tulugan tuloy ako.	0
Urgh, so tired. Not from sleep, just everything. Hopefully got a day to chill on Thurs	Urgh, so tired. Not from sleep, just everything. Hopefully got a day to chill on Thurs	0
That moment when you have so much to do you can do nothing. So you tweet about it.	That moment when you have so much to do you can do nothing. So you tweet about it.	0
im headed to campus to study an meet up for an event fuck dude even on weekends I don't get rest fml frustrated	im headed to campus to study an meet up for an event fuck dude even on weekends I don't get rest fml frustrated	0
I wanna go to school and live w my parents and I want my dad to still give me money sometimes and I want to slowly save my money and idk..	I wanna go to school and live w my parents and I want my dad to still give me money sometimes and I want to slowly save my money and idk..	0
That email just ruined my night. worried anxious college Can't relax until I know it's fixed.	That email just ruined my night. worried anxious college Can't relax until I know it's fixed.	0
Dance dance dance!!! Choreo show this week.:D this is gonna be a loooong week. tired	Dance dance dance!!! Choreo show this week.:D this is gonna be a loooong week. tired	0
What a slow day it is I cant keep up with this today, where's V-when you need hem.	What a slow day it is I cant keep up with this today, where's V-when you need hem.	0
My eye used to twitch when I was stressed. Now it's my thumb. strange oddthings	My eye used to twitch when I was stressed. Now it's my thumb. strange oddthings	0
I don't even care I will make time to sit in the hot tub tonight	I don't even care I will make time to sit in the hot tub tonight	0
You're supposed to be there to help me but instead you're pushing me over the edge.	You're supposed to be there to help me but instead you're pushing me over the edge.	0
I have like this really strange urge to just punch someone right in the face	I have like this really strange urge to just punch someone right in the face	0
Lord let me get ready for church so i can go and gain some peace of mind	Lord let me get ready for church so i can go and gain some peace of mind	0
I want a cigarette so bad.. But Ive went so long without one i don't wanna start backk upp . ):	I want a cigarette so bad.. But Ive went so long without one i don't wanna start backk upp . ):	0
I have way to much going on right now stupid SAT, stupid Junior Project, sports and bring up all the crappy grades I have	I have way to much going on right now stupid SAT, stupid Junior Project, sports and bring up all the crappy grades I have	0
I honestly at this moment seriously want my bed sotired stressed I know I say this all the time but today is really one of those days	I honestly at this moment seriously want my bed sotired stressed I know I say this all the time but today is really one of those days	0
At this point in my life taking loads to the face for money don't seem so bad	At this point in my life taking loads to the face for money don't seem so bad	0
I need a drink! I can already hear the small bottle of tequila on my nightstand calling my name.	I need a drink! I can already hear the small bottle of tequila on my nightstand calling my name.	0
Only 2 weeks left of school and there is just a lot of assignments to do tired	Only 2 weeks left of school and there is just a lot of assignments to do tired	0
Why do certain people make things so bloody hard.. There's a simple way of doing things but no they have you flying through loops	Why do certain people make things so bloody hard.. There's a simple way of doing things but no they have you flying through loops	0
And they're auditing our access to databases. No, really, I need ALL THOSE THINGS *flails and dies*	And they're auditing our access to databases. No, really, I need ALL THOSE THINGS *flails and dies*	0
I hate the fact in the space of about 2 hours I've broken down about 3 times :'(	I hate the fact in the space of about 2 hours I've broken down about 3 times :'(	0
Wanted a new FountainPen, but Howlite's sick again. It's a good thing I lost all those ebay auctions. Cat sick sad scared	Wanted a new FountainPen, but Howlite's sick again. It's a good thing I lost all those ebay auctions. Cat sick sad scared	0
Back in my bed again. I hate when I can't cuddle her. Today has sucked too. I cried a lot.	Back in my bed again. I hate when I can't cuddle her. Today has sucked too. I cried a lot.	0
When the past comes back to haunt you in the middle of your present day problems! No one has time for this crap!	When the past comes back to haunt you in the middle of your present day problems! No one has time for this crap!	0
Can't wait to get this nightshift out the way and then have a few beers tomorrow	Can't wait to get this nightshift out the way and then have a few beers tomorrow	0
Doctors appointments alone, navigating St. Louis roads, and dealing with jackass St. Louis drivers. Can't I be little again?	Doctors appointments alone, navigating St. Louis roads, and dealing with jackass St. Louis drivers. Can't I be little again?	0
Why did I insist on putting off this report for so long when I've had all semester to do it.	Why did I insist on putting off this report for so long when I've had all semester to do it.	0
I can't handle people today. I need to go home before I hurt someone annoyed	I can't handle people today. I need to go home before I hurt someone annoyed	0
I was ignored all day and now I have to be here with this idiot. irritated mad	I was ignored all day and now I have to be here with this idiot. irritated mad	0
The life of a poor teenager who has to pay for everything herself and has actual bills to pay <;<;<;	The life of a poor teenager who has to pay for everything herself and has actual bills to pay <;<;<;	0
I could use a drinking night considering all of the stupid people I've been dealing with lately	I could use a drinking night considering all of the stupid people I've been dealing with lately	0
You'd think that the school would've learned that if you make finals at the end of the year it's just setting us up for failure	You'd think that the school would've learned that if you make finals at the end of the year it's just setting us up for failure	0
It's been a crappy day! I've been in such a bad mood, so I've not been on here any, but hoping things get better.	It's been a crappy day! I've been in such a bad mood, so I've not been on here any, but hoping things get better.	0
Have to go somewhere but i'm sick, this will be the worst day of my life.	Have to go somewhere but i'm sick, this will be the worst day of my life.	0
gatwick is the most incompetent hotel on the planet thank you for ruining the start to our holiday. Never again!!!	gatwick is the most incompetent hotel on the planet thank you for ruining the start to our holiday. Never again!!!	0
I'd like to play Bayonetta tonight. But idk why in the middle of the night I start feeling anxious. live? question	I'd like to play Bayonetta tonight. But idk why in the middle of the night I start feeling anxious. live? question	0
Today was lonnngggg and I already feel tired for tomorrow and it's not even tomorrow yet much?	Today was lonnngggg and I already feel tired for tomorrow and it's not even tomorrow yet much?	0
ugh i haven't EVEN started practicing for planned candid tailgating pics for the spring game :/	ugh i haven't EVEN started practicing for planned candid tailgating pics for the spring game :/	0
Today Is The last Exam. I Just Might Cry After Because Of Relief Oh How I Hate Test Anxiety	Today Is The last Exam. I Just Might Cry After Because Of Relief Oh How I Hate Test Anxiety	0
fucked off with essays, school, teachers, people in general, early mornings, the future, and UCAS	fucked off with essays, school, teachers, people in general, early mornings, the future, and UCAS	0
Bauer wont stop barking. He started at 11:30 and now its 12:21. Just go to sleep damnit.	Bauer wont stop barking. He started at 11:30 and now its 12:21. Just go to sleep damnit.	0
I hate having to work twice as hard to get votes for the boys AND Taylor	I hate having to work twice as hard to get votes for the boys AND Taylor	0
By this time in life I probably should have learnt to not leave coursework until the day before its due in	By this time in life I probably should have learnt to not leave coursework until the day before its due in	0
Dear, you need a delivery service. I need a very berry hibiscus refresher with lemonade and I'm stuck at work. :(	Dear, you need a delivery service. I need a very berry hibiscus refresher with lemonade and I'm stuck at work. :(	0
Why is it so impossible to find a dress for Grad ball!? :'( I've bought 6 now, and none are right.	Why is it so impossible to find a dress for Grad ball!? :'( I've bought 6 now, and none are right.	0
That moment when you thirsty as hell and u just drunk all ya juice/soda ..	That moment when you thirsty as hell and u just drunk all ya juice/soda ..	0
I really don't like that Wren is just going to call people randomly to present	I really don't like that Wren is just going to call people randomly to present	0
I am not a morning person. Don't talk to me until after afternoon nap. crabbyaf so much to do so little time!!	I am not a morning person. Don't talk to me until after afternoon nap. crabbyaf so much to do so little time!!	0
Trying to sleep so I can wake up at 5:30 without having too much trouble, but I can't. mindisracing	Trying to sleep so I can wake up at 5:30 without having too much trouble, but I can't. mindisracing	0
Is your child stressed? Chillin' Kids is designed for families whose children "feel the stress more". Ages 4-7	Is your child stressed? Chillin' Kids is designed for families whose children "feel the stress more". Ages 4-7	0
My car is in the shop and I live in Nashville. My ride backed out last minute. I hate for this to count against me.	My car is in the shop and I live in Nashville. My ride backed out last minute. I hate for this to count against me.	0
I had a dream last night that I had a dream that I had missed like a week and a half of grad school classes and I had a paper due and I couldnt figure out what my schedule was but I woke up in my dream STILL missing class and man oh man it never ends does if	I had a dream last night that I had a dream that I had missed like a week and a half of grad school classes and I had a paper due and I couldnt figure out what my schedule was but I woke up in my dream STILL missing class and man oh man it never ends does if	0
Probably gonna have to rent in Japan now. Plus the added expenses of grub etc. >;:'(	Probably gonna have to rent in Japan now. Plus the added expenses of grub etc. >;:'(	0
So many complete different requirements for OCU.. never knew I would get this confused.. I need relief!! Someone HELP!	So many complete different requirements for OCU.. never knew I would get this confused.. I need relief!! Someone HELP!	0
ugh weddings make me wish i had a bf. am i ever gonna get one! lonely	ugh weddings make me wish i had a bf. am i ever gonna get one! lonely	0
How do you stop thinking about an exam you think you've failed ? Asking for myself	How do you stop thinking about an exam you think you've failed ? Asking for myself	0
I don't wanna do that be nice thing with the whole school to many people and i don't have the colors	I don't wanna do that be nice thing with the whole school to many people and i don't have the colors	0
Why were so negative with me when I tried to return a jacket I didn't order? I found the experience completely not in keeping with the values I would have associated with their adverts. disappointing	Why were so negative with me when I tried to return a jacket I didn't order? I found the experience completely not in keeping with the values I would have associated with their adverts. disappointing	0
I wish i had someone to rub my feet and give me a massage. Work really kicked my butt today tired	I wish i had someone to rub my feet and give me a massage. Work really kicked my butt today tired	0
Turning in earlymaybe I'll read, maybe there's something mindless on TVI seriously need to chill out.	Turning in earlymaybe I'll read, maybe there's something mindless on TVI seriously need to chill out.	0
I have so much I need to do but I have no motivation to do it tired	I have so much I need to do but I have no motivation to do it tired	0
I guess midterms weren't enough so teachers decided to give me a test everyday this week	I guess midterms weren't enough so teachers decided to give me a test everyday this week	0
I have to keep reminding myself that all the late night studying will pay off predentlife	I have to keep reminding myself that all the late night studying will pay off predentlife	0
Could this uni get any less helpful when the American visa woman doesn't even know how to advise me on what visa to get, argh	Could this uni get any less helpful when the American visa woman doesn't even know how to advise me on what visa to get, argh	0
i decided that i can't work late tonight.. i need jammies, brainless tv and kitty cuddles. just what the doctor ordered	i decided that i can't work late tonight.. i need jammies, brainless tv and kitty cuddles. just what the doctor ordered	0
So sick to the point where my whole entire body is sore and aching pleasegoaway stress	So sick to the point where my whole entire body is sore and aching pleasegoaway stress	0
Fuck this paper it wont write itself and I am tempted to see if tears will sway its determination ugh cold sleepy	Fuck this paper it wont write itself and I am tempted to see if tears will sway its determination ugh cold sleepy	0
Elsh sometimes feel so tired mostly when I'm not working hard coz I like to work very hard but now not working anymore	Elsh sometimes feel so tired mostly when I'm not working hard coz I like to work very hard but now not working anymore	0
I know there are good days and bad days its just getting harder and harder for me to tell the difference anymore.	I know there are good days and bad days its just getting harder and harder for me to tell the difference anymore.	0
Hoping Ive had my 3 FFS moments for today. 1. No hot water, so cold shower for me 2. Forgot my hospital appointment letter 3. Stopped by someone asking for change Oh Ive also got a meeting to assess my performance over the last 6 months.	Hoping Ive had my 3 FFS moments for today. 1. No hot water, so cold shower for me 2. Forgot my hospital appointment letter 3. Stopped by someone asking for change Oh Ive also got a meeting to assess my performance over the last 6 months.	0
It's so hard to please everyone; only so much I could do in so little time!	It's so hard to please everyone; only so much I could do in so little time!	0
Awful awful day. Curling up in bed watching Disney films is the only way forward right now	Awful awful day. Curling up in bed watching Disney films is the only way forward right now	0
Really hoping to find time to do homework while I'm watching these kids all day	Really hoping to find time to do homework while I'm watching these kids all day	0
I go upstairs so I can study.. Not so you can follow me and continue to talk to me!	I go upstairs so I can study.. Not so you can follow me and continue to talk to me!	0
This US is going to start looking really different when all these girls cant get out to get their lashes filled, nails did and extensions tightened.	This US is going to start looking really different when all these girls cant get out to get their lashes filled, nails did and extensions tightened.	0
I don't like driving for a living. It makes me tired and its boring as hell with spikes of major stress. Yet that is all I will ever be qualified for. driving autism AutismAwareness actuallyautistic jobs working life rant depressed	I don't like driving for a living. It makes me tired and its boring as hell with spikes of major stress. Yet that is all I will ever be qualified for. driving autism AutismAwareness actuallyautistic jobs working life rant depressed	0
If I should be training for anything, I feel like it should be how to drink water and run my half marathon at the same time	If I should be training for anything, I feel like it should be how to drink water and run my half marathon at the same time	0
Tempted to throw both my mums laptop and iPhone out of the window! Bloody apple products are driving me mental today!!	Tempted to throw both my mums laptop and iPhone out of the window! Bloody apple products are driving me mental today!!	0
gonna get a little bit of sleep and wake up early, look over my study guides again, and then go take the midterms. WishMeLuck. .	gonna get a little bit of sleep and wake up early, look over my study guides again, and then go take the midterms. WishMeLuck. .	0
I'm not sure why this hurts so bad, I was never supposed to be with you. In need of a vacation already. broken	I'm not sure why this hurts so bad, I was never supposed to be with you. In need of a vacation already. broken	0
I think I've been sick more times this year then I have in my whole life..	I think I've been sick more times this year then I have in my whole life..	0
Third year is really hard. If I didn't have America to look forward to I don't think I'd survive it	Third year is really hard. If I didn't have America to look forward to I don't think I'd survive it	0
This assignment is slowly making me want to pull my eyes out of their sockets!	This assignment is slowly making me want to pull my eyes out of their sockets!	0
I sometimes wish that I could be one of those people who are super lazy and who dont care about anything.	I sometimes wish that I could be one of those people who are super lazy and who dont care about anything.	0
Just submitted my athletic training application These next couple of weeks are going to be the longest weeks ever.	Just submitted my athletic training application These next couple of weeks are going to be the longest weeks ever.	0
this sepsis scenario is by far the worst.. can't get my head round it at all	this sepsis scenario is by far the worst.. can't get my head round it at all	0
It's only the second day of classes and I already have cried twice. WelcomeBack Stressed	It's only the second day of classes and I already have cried twice. WelcomeBack Stressed	0
wish I didn't have to work tonight so I could finish studying for final sim..	wish I didn't have to work tonight so I could finish studying for final sim..	0
I seriously feel like the next five weeks will move at a slow crawl. hurryup	I seriously feel like the next five weeks will move at a slow crawl. hurryup	0
Lol I was with a parent and they go woah your eye is really red Im like oh yeah its my contacts *looks in mirrorI POPPED A VESSEL IN MY EYE	Lol I was with a parent and they go woah your eye is really red Im like oh yeah its my contacts *looks in mirrorI POPPED A VESSEL IN MY EYE	0
Out of 4 hours of playing all I got was a bad back ache,soar knee/shoulder, and slight sun burn. Like WTF! lategame	Out of 4 hours of playing all I got was a bad back ache,soar knee/shoulder, and slight sun burn. Like WTF! lategame	0
You dont realize how stressful college is til youre at least 2 years into it ohgoodness	You dont realize how stressful college is til youre at least 2 years into it ohgoodness	0
I'm broke and Stressed.Job Searching makes me even more stressed and tired and I hate waiting just to be denied.  collegestudent	I'm broke and Stressed.Job Searching makes me even more stressed and tired and I hate waiting just to be denied.  collegestudent	0
When my game is postponed until the day of my rehearsal less than a week before my concert	When my game is postponed until the day of my rehearsal less than a week before my concert	0
Has it been a rough week? Sounds like a good massage is in order! busy stressed relaxation LaJolla	Has it been a rough week? Sounds like a good massage is in order! busy stressed relaxation LaJolla	0
Flying to Sydney tomorrow, so getting things readyall of a sudden couldn't find my passport!!! Aaaaaargh! Hate that feeling :(	Flying to Sydney tomorrow, so getting things readyall of a sudden couldn't find my passport!!! Aaaaaargh! Hate that feeling :(	0
Argh. Anyone would think Ive never cooked dinner before, or done the food shopping. Or washed clothes or fed my dog. Or hoovered. Or watered the plants. (Plants originally came up pants - I almost left it in for comedic purposes)	Argh. Anyone would think Ive never cooked dinner before, or done the food shopping. Or washed clothes or fed my dog. Or hoovered. Or watered the plants. (Plants originally came up pants - I almost left it in for comedic purposes)	0
door will not lock wtf delayed 4 dinnerso have to get takeaway. So much for steak :(	door will not lock wtf delayed 4 dinnerso have to get takeaway. So much for steak :(	0
Hate it when I read through a piece of work and non of it makes sense.. Why do I do it?	Hate it when I read through a piece of work and non of it makes sense.. Why do I do it?	0
Please please please pick me up tm at 7.10am from Chadderton, and not just drive past me like you did today	Please please please pick me up tm at 7.10am from Chadderton, and not just drive past me like you did today	0
Pens started playing well in 2nd when I dumped 4 ibuprofen into my mouth for this nasty headache I have. due to more than hockey	Pens started playing well in 2nd when I dumped 4 ibuprofen into my mouth for this nasty headache I have. due to more than hockey	0
i really dont know how to tell my mum i have lost my phone :/	i really dont know how to tell my mum i have lost my phone :/	0
Its all coming to an end but things arent quite working out the way i wanted them	Its all coming to an end but things arent quite working out the way i wanted them	0
I really do love softball and everything but its all just too fast. I need a longer	I really do love softball and everything but its all just too fast. I need a longer	0
Seriously think I'm getting an ulcer. Stomach burns all in one spot like soooo bad. And I feel like I'm bout to puke.	Seriously think I'm getting an ulcer. Stomach burns all in one spot like soooo bad. And I feel like I'm bout to puke.	0
Can always count on this time of the year to give me a mental breakdown	Can always count on this time of the year to give me a mental breakdown	0
acct test, 1 assignment and 1 paper in lifewellness, and a paper in english all due tomorrow sadface	acct test, 1 assignment and 1 paper in lifewellness, and a paper in english all due tomorrow sadface	0
WHEN IT RAINS IT POURS  NEEDEDMY HUBBY IS IN THE ER GOING UP 2 BURN UNIT HIS FACE CAUGHT ON FIRE  FROM HIS OXYGEN not good  WE GOT TRANSFERRED HERE FROM THE VA SaturdayMood PrayerWarriors MY HEART IS SOOOO HEAVY FOR HIM	WHEN IT RAINS IT POURS  NEEDEDMY HUBBY IS IN THE ER GOING UP 2 BURN UNIT HIS FACE CAUGHT ON FIRE  FROM HIS OXYGEN not good  WE GOT TRANSFERRED HERE FROM THE VA SaturdayMood PrayerWarriors MY HEART IS SOOOO HEAVY FOR HIM	0
I cannot wait to finish uni in these next couple of weeks and regain my health  drained	I cannot wait to finish uni in these next couple of weeks and regain my health  drained	0
am i about to barf thinking about getting these bts tickets tomorrow? yes. am i also trying not to think about it as to not but bad vibes out into the world? also yes. i feel like im playing the game gdi.	am i about to barf thinking about getting these bts tickets tomorrow? yes. am i also trying not to think about it as to not but bad vibes out into the world? also yes. i feel like im playing the game gdi.	0
Worried for my 2 presentation on the same day. Practicing now for both assignments until late nights	Worried for my 2 presentation on the same day. Practicing now for both assignments until late nights	0
Its so embarrassing when I am stressed out because my arms and legs get really red and my eczema breaks out to an extreme. blah	Its so embarrassing when I am stressed out because my arms and legs get really red and my eczema breaks out to an extreme. blah	0
Last class of the day yet I still feel like I have so much to do!! :(	Last class of the day yet I still feel like I have so much to do!! :(	0
Is it that hispanics are really so loud or is it that my ears are so sensitive? All I want to do is watch reality tv with the volume no higher than 12, yet my wife and the aide are scream talking right next to me. What in the entire fuck? Im over here lip reading.	Is it that hispanics are really so loud or is it that my ears are so sensitive? All I want to do is watch reality tv with the volume no higher than 12, yet my wife and the aide are scream talking right next to me. What in the entire fuck? Im over here lip reading.	0
My heart and my mind tell me two totally different things. Why can't they just agree on one?	My heart and my mind tell me two totally different things. Why can't they just agree on one?	0
Identify stressors. Realize what makes you feel stressed and do something to change them. Anxiety Depression	Identify stressors. Realize what makes you feel stressed and do something to change them. Anxiety Depression	0
Omg the pressure of being a people pleaser. I hate the feeling of not doing everything that someone expects of me.	Omg the pressure of being a people pleaser. I hate the feeling of not doing everything that someone expects of me.	0
breaking out so bad and prom is Saturday  why did we schedule it at the same time as an end of a six weeks?!	breaking out so bad and prom is Saturday  why did we schedule it at the same time as an end of a six weeks?!	0
theres a cold, sweaty beer sitting in my fridge. im so tempted to crack it open and chug the whole thing	theres a cold, sweaty beer sitting in my fridge. im so tempted to crack it open and chug the whole thing	0
I am so sick an tried of feeling so crappy and grumpy! I wish for once things would go right.	I am so sick an tried of feeling so crappy and grumpy! I wish for once things would go right.	0
A week vacation is all fun and games until you return to work and realize how behind you are. catchup	A week vacation is all fun and games until you return to work and realize how behind you are. catchup	0
Felling unhappy and sick it shouldn't be that way hope it will get better soon	Felling unhappy and sick it shouldn't be that way hope it will get better soon	0
About to beat the f*ck out of this bag. PhonesOff Angry Stressed PunchingBag FalconPunch fuckoff	About to beat the f*ck out of this bag. PhonesOff Angry Stressed PunchingBag FalconPunch fuckoff	0
Have I mentioned lately how much I HATE CO, DIA, Colorado DOT and how horrible CO drivers are? lateformyflight 40minutedetour	Have I mentioned lately how much I HATE CO, DIA, Colorado DOT and how horrible CO drivers are? lateformyflight 40minutedetour	0
I feel so overwhelmed with what I've committed to this summer.  it's hard for me to balance everything	I feel so overwhelmed with what I've committed to this summer.  it's hard for me to balance everything	0
It's gunna be my day and if you ruin it because of something stupid I will hate you. fuckgrad	It's gunna be my day and if you ruin it because of something stupid I will hate you. fuckgrad	0
entrepreneurs if you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation	entrepreneurs if you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation	0
I hate the fact that I can search up old text messages on the iphone but I can't read the whole message	I hate the fact that I can search up old text messages on the iphone but I can't read the whole message	0
Why do teachers always do this? Pile everything on in the last 2 weeks of school. Its their fault that we're all nervous wrecks.	Why do teachers always do this? Pile everything on in the last 2 weeks of school. Its their fault that we're all nervous wrecks.	0
Can someone just come an buy a home broadband off me man?!? I just want a balloon and the 26th off work :'(	Can someone just come an buy a home broadband off me man?!? I just want a balloon and the 26th off work :'(	0
Packing my suitcase. As always, there's about double as much stuff as there is suitcase. I hate this. Especially when I don't know how long I'll be away. So bikini, keyboard, extra laptop, sweater, bra, bra, bra, nice blouse, shoes shit I'll need shoes	Packing my suitcase. As always, there's about double as much stuff as there is suitcase. I hate this. Especially when I don't know how long I'll be away. So bikini, keyboard, extra laptop, sweater, bra, bra, bra, nice blouse, shoes shit I'll need shoes	0
it's so hard to study for finals with all this on the brain this week is going to be tough on everyone	it's so hard to study for finals with all this on the brain this week is going to be tough on everyone	0
Today has already been a bad day, and I know that later will get worse. :/	Today has already been a bad day, and I know that later will get worse. :/	0
what will they do to me next? pplsuck antinatalism rude mean loud Disrespectful fear anxiety	what will they do to me next? pplsuck antinatalism rude mean loud Disrespectful fear anxiety	0
Hoping I sell my dress so I can get this other one if it isn't gone! :/	Hoping I sell my dress so I can get this other one if it isn't gone! :/	0
sucks trying to keep composure when dealing with assholes who would LOVE to see you fail.	sucks trying to keep composure when dealing with assholes who would LOVE to see you fail.	0
i dont wish party planning on anyone, not even my worst enemy . 150 people ?! seriously ?! ..	i dont wish party planning on anyone, not even my worst enemy . 150 people ?! seriously ?! ..	0
It's that time of the year where all my tweets consist of having so much to do, so little time	It's that time of the year where all my tweets consist of having so much to do, so little time	0
Bruh, I hated the election for years ago and this just feels like a double whammy. My stomach has not been agreeing with me all day LOL	Bruh, I hated the election for years ago and this just feels like a double whammy. My stomach has not been agreeing with me all day LOL	0
Los be Grabbin butt cheeks but he wasn't there last night so I was like wtf?  Violated	Los be Grabbin butt cheeks but he wasn't there last night so I was like wtf?  Violated	0
You can now register your company, with with us! We can help make you less	You can now register your company, with with us! We can help make you less	0
Why bother trying when reality shows you you didn't have a chance to begin with.	Why bother trying when reality shows you you didn't have a chance to begin with.	0
I hate missing out on choreography but feels so good just to sit on the sofa and not do anything	I hate missing out on choreography but feels so good just to sit on the sofa and not do anything	0
If i make it through this week I am going to be amazed stressed :/	If i make it through this week I am going to be amazed stressed :/	0
This whole moving and work and school and being sick all at the same time thing isn't really working for me.	This whole moving and work and school and being sick all at the same time thing isn't really working for me.	0
This week is going to be hell. I don't even want to get up. :(	This week is going to be hell. I don't even want to get up. :(	0
Seriously need a day that's all about me and no one else! Pampering is in store hopefully	Seriously need a day that's all about me and no one else! Pampering is in store hopefully	0
I'm so tired. I haven't had full nights of sleep in a while since I'm so stressed. ugh	I'm so tired. I haven't had full nights of sleep in a while since I'm so stressed. ugh	0
Home used to be my place for rest and relationships, now that it turned into 'my school' (or workplace for others), it's harder to feel rested. covid19 onlineschool workfromhome covid19diary	Home used to be my place for rest and relationships, now that it turned into 'my school' (or workplace for others), it's harder to feel rested. covid19 onlineschool workfromhome covid19diary	0
why do parents feel the need to bring up people from your past in every argument?	why do parents feel the need to bring up people from your past in every argument?	0
God please help me make it through my first college final, as you always help me through everything.	God please help me make it through my first college final, as you always help me through everything.	0
Been up since 4 and still have 15 pages to read. If I make it through this week I think can make it through anything.	Been up since 4 and still have 15 pages to read. If I make it through this week I think can make it through anything.	0
Getting so desperate to clear up acne over night, that you rub toothpaste all over your face	Getting so desperate to clear up acne over night, that you rub toothpaste all over your face	0
2 tests due for my online class by next Friday and it's taking me all I have to finish them	2 tests due for my online class by next Friday and it's taking me all I have to finish them	0
Its always the people you never expext that help you! Worse morninf in a very long time! lifesaver	Its always the people you never expext that help you! Worse morninf in a very long time! lifesaver	0
My final is due at midnight, I work in 6hrs and I am only half way done.	My final is due at midnight, I work in 6hrs and I am only half way done.	0
Worst day in work I can remember and can't even look forward to going home for a bottle of wine :(	Worst day in work I can remember and can't even look forward to going home for a bottle of wine :(	0
I think I might be chronically stressed.. everyone imitates the twitch in the eye. The twitch is not a lie.. just annoying AF	I think I might be chronically stressed.. everyone imitates the twitch in the eye. The twitch is not a lie.. just annoying AF	0
Don't feel like doing any homework today..or this weekor for the rest of the year. exhausted come on summer!	Don't feel like doing any homework today..or this weekor for the rest of the year. exhausted come on summer!	0
was ordering from my local applebees for the GreatAmericanTakeout and I am sooooooo sad - no chickenfajitarollup no me I ranch my comfort food - all gone	was ordering from my local applebees for the GreatAmericanTakeout and I am sooooooo sad - no chickenfajitarollup no me I ranch my comfort food - all gone	0
my bad Charlie its just im very stressed frustrated at the moment Im trying to relax but its not helping out much	my bad Charlie its just im very stressed frustrated at the moment Im trying to relax but its not helping out much	0
Thinking about heading home at least for the night. Just want my cat and my bed. schoolproblemsnight	Thinking about heading home at least for the night. Just want my cat and my bed. schoolproblemsnight	0
Tomorrow after church, I'm gonna sleep the day away and I don't even feel bad about it.	Tomorrow after church, I'm gonna sleep the day away and I don't even feel bad about it.	0
Off to bed. I cant seem to have a decent day and I always say maybe tomorrow:(	Off to bed. I cant seem to have a decent day and I always say maybe tomorrow:(	0
It's one thing after another :( I don't know if things can get much worse sad	It's one thing after another :( I don't know if things can get much worse sad	0
When I sleep that's the only part of the day that I don't wonder about you running through my head constantly	When I sleep that's the only part of the day that I don't wonder about you running through my head constantly	0
So close to giving up with this last exam, exams are stupid!! No more motivation	So close to giving up with this last exam, exams are stupid!! No more motivation	0
Why is Flow internet service so slow and unreliable? I have report cards to complete.	Why is Flow internet service so slow and unreliable? I have report cards to complete.	0
All of this bull crap happening before I go off. The only person I talk to about things going on is a part of the bull crap.	All of this bull crap happening before I go off. The only person I talk to about things going on is a part of the bull crap.	0
Desperatly trying to download a tv show and it's not even at 1% after fifteen mins	Desperatly trying to download a tv show and it's not even at 1% after fifteen mins	0
USA needs to play a short, quick game heavy on the offense but what do I know? WorldCup	USA needs to play a short, quick game heavy on the offense but what do I know? WorldCup	0
Tryingg to get on the tram in the morning is nearly impossible ! -.- dpmo	Tryingg to get on the tram in the morning is nearly impossible ! -.- dpmo	0
Love breaks but hate having to deal with all the bs due the week before.	Love breaks but hate having to deal with all the bs due the week before.	0
Mason little devil having a mad half hour when I'm so tired and a banging headache!	Mason little devil having a mad half hour when I'm so tired and a banging headache!	0
Only been back at work 5 days since the Christmas holidays, and I'm already and tired with the madness of my job.	Only been back at work 5 days since the Christmas holidays, and I'm already and tired with the madness of my job.	0
NOOOOOO!! The fucking spider got away!  The worst kind of spider is the one that got away!  How will i sleep now?!	NOOOOOO!! The fucking spider got away!  The worst kind of spider is the one that got away!  How will i sleep now?!	0
I feel like ill do fine on my algebra exam so I might just sleep for the rest of the afternoon  productive	I feel like ill do fine on my algebra exam so I might just sleep for the rest of the afternoon  productive	0
Sadly having to postpone this Frid's cookalong, will schedule in again in couple of weeks after my little brothers wedding.	Sadly having to postpone this Frid's cookalong, will schedule in again in couple of weeks after my little brothers wedding.	0
Just drove to NYC cause I got on wrong way on thruway and just drove.	Just drove to NYC cause I got on wrong way on thruway and just drove.	0
The only bad thing about missing 3 days of school is the mountain of homework that comes with it	The only bad thing about missing 3 days of school is the mountain of homework that comes with it	0
I hate these feelings of mounting frustration. Knowing that not much will change. deepbreath woosaa	I hate these feelings of mounting frustration. Knowing that not much will change. deepbreath woosaa	0
1 exam today to conclude this weeks! 3 next week then 7 in June after half term! school exams	1 exam today to conclude this weeks! 3 next week then 7 in June after half term! school exams	0
Ughhhh I'm gonna be late. Hate this shit. I need to fix my car. Hate living my life on everyone else's schedule.	Ughhhh I'm gonna be late. Hate this shit. I need to fix my car. Hate living my life on everyone else's schedule.	0
Listening to to try take my off how sick I feel and the stress of dance exams in three different genres help	Listening to to try take my off how sick I feel and the stress of dance exams in three different genres help	0
crop.. ctrl+z crop.. ctrl+z crop.. ctrl+z (repeat x nth time) how come cropping one photo can be so hard?	crop.. ctrl+z crop.. ctrl+z crop.. ctrl+z (repeat x nth time) how come cropping one photo can be so hard?	0
After driving to Birmingham in the pouring down rain and taking my last exams. I could use a drank!!! out	After driving to Birmingham in the pouring down rain and taking my last exams. I could use a drank!!! out	0
I absolutely hate making decisions and I find myself having alot of those to make	I absolutely hate making decisions and I find myself having alot of those to make	0
why does my life seem like all work and no play at the moment :(	why does my life seem like all work and no play at the moment :(	0
I just want to spend cinco de mayo with my boyfriend& just relax.. But instead I'm stuck studying for finals all day.	I just want to spend cinco de mayo with my boyfriend& just relax.. But instead I'm stuck studying for finals all day.	0
Yeah so bruva tells me at half 1 at night were going to a weeding tomorrow	Yeah so bruva tells me at half 1 at night were going to a weeding tomorrow	0
I just feel like I can't get anything right. It's been a rough day.	I just feel like I can't get anything right. It's been a rough day.	0
always wide awake on the nights when I know I have to get up early	always wide awake on the nights when I know I have to get up early	0
I hate the weeks I have exams! Too much to do to little of time!!!!	I hate the weeks I have exams! Too much to do to little of time!!!!	0
Ugh why do people have to be so complicated? Like didn't you listen to Avril???	Ugh why do people have to be so complicated? Like didn't you listen to Avril???	0
Time to go to bed i think, that's if I can actually go sleep! Lot going through my mind.	Time to go to bed i think, that's if I can actually go sleep! Lot going through my mind.	0
Have made ZERO progress on my common app. essay today because I keep deleting everything that I write. notgoingtocollege help	Have made ZERO progress on my common app. essay today because I keep deleting everything that I write. notgoingtocollege help	0
Probably one of the biggest die hard colts fan you will ever meet but every year seems like 1 and done.	Probably one of the biggest die hard colts fan you will ever meet but every year seems like 1 and done.	0
It's seriously one thing after another. Don't get me wrong I love my life. I just want a break.	It's seriously one thing after another. Don't get me wrong I love my life. I just want a break.	0
The days of no time for lunch, making to do list in my sleep and literally losing hair is back again!	The days of no time for lunch, making to do list in my sleep and literally losing hair is back again!	0
Can everyone in AP psych just tell Mrs. Bleeke we thought the FRQs were due on Friday???	Can everyone in AP psych just tell Mrs. Bleeke we thought the FRQs were due on Friday???	0
You know you're having a bad day on Fifa when you start screaming at the tv..	You know you're having a bad day on Fifa when you start screaming at the tv..	0
absolutely hate being poorly away from home, why did this have to happen the week before assessments when I neeeed to be in?	absolutely hate being poorly away from home, why did this have to happen the week before assessments when I neeeed to be in?	0
Patiently waiting for it all to work out how long do I need to wait though?	Patiently waiting for it all to work out how long do I need to wait though?	0
at home so it's not really an emergency even tho I've spent hours looking for it	at home so it's not really an emergency even tho I've spent hours looking for it	0
Ahhhhhhhh python is kettling my head! Must at least try and get my head partly round it before Tuesday pypool	Ahhhhhhhh python is kettling my head! Must at least try and get my head partly round it before Tuesday pypool	0
I hate one of my clients so much I'm anticipating them going out of business	I hate one of my clients so much I'm anticipating them going out of business	0
My Mom had her surgery today. And now I think the kitten is sick. If it's not one thing, it's another.	My Mom had her surgery today. And now I think the kitten is sick. If it's not one thing, it's another.	0
Argh my phone just hasn't stopped ringing today and I've got a 1000 word article to write up by 5pm. Need a PA. Like desp.	Argh my phone just hasn't stopped ringing today and I've got a 1000 word article to write up by 5pm. Need a PA. Like desp.	0
All thanks to one teacher, I am now going to completely fail my sociology exam tomorrow. Absolute day from hell	All thanks to one teacher, I am now going to completely fail my sociology exam tomorrow. Absolute day from hell	0
There are just those days where I wanna build a fort on my bed and stay there until tomorrow toomuch	There are just those days where I wanna build a fort on my bed and stay there until tomorrow toomuch	0
Shoutout to me for writing a 7 page Shakespeare review paper in only a few hours. gocollege	Shoutout to me for writing a 7 page Shakespeare review paper in only a few hours. gocollege	0
The bad thing about being pre med is that you always feel like you need to do something else, one more thing	The bad thing about being pre med is that you always feel like you need to do something else, one more thing	0
Picking a username stresses me out, but not more than having a 140 character limit does. scared	Picking a username stresses me out, but not more than having a 140 character limit does. scared	0
Pretty and it's only 7am. Trying to get my work done for the day so I can go back to bed :(	Pretty and it's only 7am. Trying to get my work done for the day so I can go back to bed :(	0
Heat wave hurry up and come back. Im in the need for mindless sunbathing with nothing but music in my ears.	Heat wave hurry up and come back. Im in the need for mindless sunbathing with nothing but music in my ears.	0
I hate how i take on other people's problems like if they are my own..	I hate how i take on other people's problems like if they are my own..	0
Is it bad that when I see people get engaged I think.. "Ha!! You have to plan a wedding next "	Is it bad that when I see people get engaged I think.. "Ha!! You have to plan a wedding next "	0
Car shopping for a car in Montana when you live in Illinois is not fun.	Car shopping for a car in Montana when you live in Illinois is not fun.	0
If i decide to fail Devising now, it'll be less embarrassing when Fred gives me a big fat F for this bullshit essay.	If i decide to fail Devising now, it'll be less embarrassing when Fred gives me a big fat F for this bullshit essay.	0
My baby will be here next few weeks still gotta buy him the big things	My baby will be here next few weeks still gotta buy him the big things	0
Everyday I'm thinkin of a master plan so I can stop being an employee and become an employer! This adulting shit is for the birds, it's too much!	Everyday I'm thinkin of a master plan so I can stop being an employee and become an employer! This adulting shit is for the birds, it's too much!	0
If youre stress eating, at that moment, you may not see the other options available to you for dealing with uncomfortable feelings. Youre focusing on the short-term satisfaction. Have a plan. What could you do instead of eating when you feel bad? stresseating	If youre stress eating, at that moment, you may not see the other options available to you for dealing with uncomfortable feelings. Youre focusing on the short-term satisfaction. Have a plan. What could you do instead of eating when you feel bad? stresseating	0
I have to buy a fit , get my nails done , get my brows done , dye my hair and make a poster for tomorrow	I have to buy a fit , get my nails done , get my brows done , dye my hair and make a poster for tomorrow	0
Jeez!!! will I ever learn kids + supermarket = nervous breakdown!  pass me the bloody	Jeez!!! will I ever learn kids + supermarket = nervous breakdown!  pass me the bloody	0
I just realized I'm not 'intermixing' my sources but I'm too lazy to fix it because seriously this thing is due on Tuesday	I just realized I'm not 'intermixing' my sources but I'm too lazy to fix it because seriously this thing is due on Tuesday	0
I'm tired of sleepless nights. Work in a couple hours and I've slept an hour	I'm tired of sleepless nights. Work in a couple hours and I've slept an hour	0
I miss those late summer nights when I had nothing to do or worry about	I miss those late summer nights when I had nothing to do or worry about	0
So tired gotta work tomorrow. Bleh people keep asking me when will I start driving.. it's kinda getting annoying.	So tired gotta work tomorrow. Bleh people keep asking me when will I start driving.. it's kinda getting annoying.	0
Can't wait to get home and take a nap!..oh wait just kidding I have to study for 3 tests instead -_______- tired	Can't wait to get home and take a nap!..oh wait just kidding I have to study for 3 tests instead -_______- tired	0
Ive actually just had a ham sandwich and a cigarette for dinner. What the actual fuck is happening to my life	Ive actually just had a ham sandwich and a cigarette for dinner. What the actual fuck is happening to my life	0
I hate when I can't sleep because I know I still have so much to do	I hate when I can't sleep because I know I still have so much to do	0
Working and going to college is going to kill me . Can't wait to sleep tired	Working and going to college is going to kill me . Can't wait to sleep tired	0
Today = annoyed and notinthemood - with that being said my phone will be on do not disturb.	Today = annoyed and notinthemood - with that being said my phone will be on do not disturb.	0
Oh hey senior year! Why didn't anyone tell me you were going to be so difficult?	Oh hey senior year! Why didn't anyone tell me you were going to be so difficult?	0
Excuse me while I go pour out libations to the Greek God who controls my grade on this Greek exam	Excuse me while I go pour out libations to the Greek God who controls my grade on this Greek exam	0
So upset and angry right now.. I don't know whether to cry or punch something.. Ugh.	So upset and angry right now.. I don't know whether to cry or punch something.. Ugh.	0
I realize you're all trying to help me but it's my life and my decisions so please, just stay out of it.	I realize you're all trying to help me but it's my life and my decisions so please, just stay out of it.	0
The end of the semester is here, and I'm terrified because of the amount of crap I have to do in the next 3 weeks	The end of the semester is here, and I'm terrified because of the amount of crap I have to do in the next 3 weeks	0
So much c/w uni wbs urghhh" samee not in the mood to do it!	So much c/w uni wbs urghhh" samee not in the mood to do it!	0
So I'm going away next Sunday, half the trains are having works. Why does it always take a lifetime to get anywhere. drama	So I'm going away next Sunday, half the trains are having works. Why does it always take a lifetime to get anywhere. drama	0
I seriously just want to be on a deserted island so I don't have to deal with idiots..	I seriously just want to be on a deserted island so I don't have to deal with idiots..	0
i wish i could pause life and curl up to watch a movie and just not care about 1 single thing going on	i wish i could pause life and curl up to watch a movie and just not care about 1 single thing going on	0
When you don't even realize how stressed you are until everything hits you at once and you just wanna cry.	When you don't even realize how stressed you are until everything hits you at once and you just wanna cry.	0
Everyone keeps showing me their prom outfit. I still don't have a prom dress or shoes	Everyone keeps showing me their prom outfit. I still don't have a prom dress or shoes	0
Round the world , xixixi RT" : Wow. Now what am I gonna do? :(	Round the world , xixixi RT" : Wow. Now what am I gonna do? :(	0
I've learned this semester that I get overly stressed once a week, at least. This isn't good.	I've learned this semester that I get overly stressed once a week, at least. This isn't good.	0
Kindly do not postpone NEET-2020 further. Try to conduct the exam with precautionary measures like social distancing, masks and hand sanitization. We can go for postponing of the exam in the worst hit states only.dontpostponeNEETandJEE dontpostponeneet	Kindly do not postpone NEET-2020 further. Try to conduct the exam with precautionary measures like social distancing, masks and hand sanitization. We can go for postponing of the exam in the worst hit states only.dontpostponeNEETandJEE dontpostponeneet	0
moment when you are too stressed to sleep, and you know you need sleep badly.	moment when you are too stressed to sleep, and you know you need sleep badly.	0
you know it's gonna be a long night when yoga couldn't even relax you alotonthemind thoughts	you know it's gonna be a long night when yoga couldn't even relax you alotonthemind thoughts	0
When you show more than one animal, then I'll allow you to tell me how hard your life is and how hard you work. dontunderestimate	When you show more than one animal, then I'll allow you to tell me how hard your life is and how hard you work. dontunderestimate	0
One of the few things getting me through today is that I get to see my baby bear tomorrow	One of the few things getting me through today is that I get to see my baby bear tomorrow	0
I'm so restless because of the stress of the decision to go blonde or not next weekend. Life is just so rough. HairDye	I'm so restless because of the stress of the decision to go blonde or not next weekend. Life is just so rough. HairDye	0
It's a lay in bed and cuddle up in my blankets and cry kinda night :/ tired	It's a lay in bed and cuddle up in my blankets and cry kinda night :/ tired	0
People wonder why I'm always stressed. Nothing of mine EVER works out as planned. -__-	People wonder why I'm always stressed. Nothing of mine EVER works out as planned. -__-	0
I need to buy presents for a whole bunch of people and being broke kinda sucks.	I need to buy presents for a whole bunch of people and being broke kinda sucks.	0
College Students , Are you feeling stressed about FinalsWeek ? Here are some tips that can help you finish strong	College Students , Are you feeling stressed about FinalsWeek ? Here are some tips that can help you finish strong	0
I wish my Microbio professor from the Spring semester would just excuse me from the final I missed and give me a grade.	I wish my Microbio professor from the Spring semester would just excuse me from the final I missed and give me a grade.	0
As if me, fleur and all had nose bleeds tonight in space of a hour of each other. Deffo all stressed!!!!!	As if me, fleur and all had nose bleeds tonight in space of a hour of each other. Deffo all stressed!!!!!	0
Just finished running around my house twice like a headless chicken in panic. deadlines gradlife	Just finished running around my house twice like a headless chicken in panic. deadlines gradlife	0
Been in the bath so long the water is cold. still not getting out. peaceandquiet relaxing	Been in the bath so long the water is cold. still not getting out. peaceandquiet relaxing	0
Whoever is in my life these next 12 weeks, God bless you and I'm sorry for anything I say and every time I lash out.	Whoever is in my life these next 12 weeks, God bless you and I'm sorry for anything I say and every time I lash out.	0
There are two pencils and a pen in my ponytail this morning, and it's only 10 am it's going to be a long day uhoh	There are two pencils and a pen in my ponytail this morning, and it's only 10 am it's going to be a long day uhoh	0
Realized how much work I have to do over break plus working to make money oh and I only have 16 days off WTF	Realized how much work I have to do over break plus working to make money oh and I only have 16 days off WTF	0
Laying in bed, rolled up in a ball, pillow pet in hand, music blasting on twitter after a long painful day..	Laying in bed, rolled up in a ball, pillow pet in hand, music blasting on twitter after a long painful day..	0
Let's hope the strategy of going to bed early helps me tomorrow sick sad exams	Let's hope the strategy of going to bed early helps me tomorrow sick sad exams	0
Co-worker is leaving for the day because she is sick. My boss returns tomorrow. Can this day be over yet?	Co-worker is leaving for the day because she is sick. My boss returns tomorrow. Can this day be over yet?	0
I am hard headed and hard working. I got rough hands and a worn body. But if u take a chance on me, I'll give u all of me. tired	I am hard headed and hard working. I got rough hands and a worn body. But if u take a chance on me, I'll give u all of me. tired	0
Whenever I don't do work it makes me feel like I'm gonna fail my exams just cos I'm watching YouTube	Whenever I don't do work it makes me feel like I'm gonna fail my exams just cos I'm watching YouTube	0
I hope my guessing skills will be working in my favor today for this chemistry final	I hope my guessing skills will be working in my favor today for this chemistry final	0
Preparing for my future and trying to live in the moment just seems like such a hard thing to balance.	Preparing for my future and trying to live in the moment just seems like such a hard thing to balance.	0
Just need to get through the school day and hopefully this horrible week will be over. Ready to be with my friends tonight.	Just need to get through the school day and hopefully this horrible week will be over. Ready to be with my friends tonight.	0
Today is the first day in like several weeks where I have just generally been in a bad mood. Hurry up, Friday!	Today is the first day in like several weeks where I have just generally been in a bad mood. Hurry up, Friday!	0
Being in this new apartment right now alone is very eerie. It definately does not feel like home yet :(	Being in this new apartment right now alone is very eerie. It definately does not feel like home yet :(	0
I've had such a bad day.. Therefore I'm gonna hit the bowl and pass tf out.	I've had such a bad day.. Therefore I'm gonna hit the bowl and pass tf out.	0
After the last two days I really just want to curl up and watch a stupid movie	After the last two days I really just want to curl up and watch a stupid movie	0
Fortune: "It is better to get something done late then never." LOL sounds like the plan for tonight knowmesowell procrastination	Fortune: "It is better to get something done late then never." LOL sounds like the plan for tonight knowmesowell procrastination	0
I'm so sick of not having anyone to fall back on when I'm losing myself. lost	I'm so sick of not having anyone to fall back on when I'm losing myself. lost	0
I have so many papers to write in such little time And I have so much on my mind notime	I have so many papers to write in such little time And I have so much on my mind notime	0
I need carrot sticks now or else I'll be forced to munch on chocolates again. derpressed and " 5sos obsessed	I need carrot sticks now or else I'll be forced to munch on chocolates again. derpressed and " 5sos obsessed	0
Can you either shut the door, or open it wide.. Not leave it somewhere in between ugghhhhhhh	Can you either shut the door, or open it wide.. Not leave it somewhere in between ugghhhhhhh	0
Feeling stressed? Get outside and take a walk around the park! Being in a natural environment helps reduce stress and recharge the brain	Feeling stressed? Get outside and take a walk around the park! Being in a natural environment helps reduce stress and recharge the brain	0
That shitty moment when you realize any little thing that happens makes you wanna explode.	That shitty moment when you realize any little thing that happens makes you wanna explode.	0
I used to run basketball rec games at mizzou. We used to play the baseball players. 6'3 and over. I used to get so frustrated because bro why are yall here?!?! I'm just tryna hoop and here I am worried about getting dunked on	I used to run basketball rec games at mizzou. We used to play the baseball players. 6'3 and over. I used to get so frustrated because bro why are yall here?!?! I'm just tryna hoop and here I am worried about getting dunked on	0
Less than an hour till my birthday and I'm not even happy let a loan excited	Less than an hour till my birthday and I'm not even happy let a loan excited	0
My mom's serious food issues + tendencies similar to a certain eating disorder all these months R driving me MAD	My mom's serious food issues + tendencies similar to a certain eating disorder all these months R driving me MAD	0
STILL NO CODE?!?!?! BUT MY FRIENDS WHO PLAYED THE GAME FOR THE FIRST TIME LAST MONTH ARE ALREADY PLAYING?	STILL NO CODE?!?!?! BUT MY FRIENDS WHO PLAYED THE GAME FOR THE FIRST TIME LAST MONTH ARE ALREADY PLAYING?	0
I got 99 problems and literally every single one of them has to do with school.	I got 99 problems and literally every single one of them has to do with school.	0
I'm freaking out over my grades. I got 100% on a homework assignment, but it's in the grade book as 18%. I just sent a second email to the teacher about it, so it should get fixed? But holy cow, I am .	I'm freaking out over my grades. I got 100% on a homework assignment, but it's in the grade book as 18%. I just sent a second email to the teacher about it, so it should get fixed? But holy cow, I am .	0
Very stressed out about a a project that is 280 points! So stressed! So confused!	Very stressed out about a a project that is 280 points! So stressed! So confused!	0
Actually excited to go to the gym today so i can let some anger out SO DAMN	Actually excited to go to the gym today so i can let some anger out SO DAMN	0
I looked on the syllabus and noticed that the midterm exam for Legal Systems is on March 12, 2013. I also have 2 quizes on Friday.	I looked on the syllabus and noticed that the midterm exam for Legal Systems is on March 12, 2013. I also have 2 quizes on Friday.	0
I have way to much work to ddo.. and works just cutting into my time	I have way to much work to ddo.. and works just cutting into my time	0
Pushing myself to do well in my classes- even if that means I'm a nerd all semester. Worked too hard for this.	Pushing myself to do well in my classes- even if that means I'm a nerd all semester. Worked too hard for this.	0
I'm so sick of getting the short end of the stick because I'm too nice. peoplepleaser frustrated	I'm so sick of getting the short end of the stick because I'm too nice. peoplepleaser frustrated	0
If only my studies of cognitive therapy could help to identify and overcome my difficulty with studying for this stupid exam!	If only my studies of cognitive therapy could help to identify and overcome my difficulty with studying for this stupid exam!	0
It's getting hard to get anything done while being pulled in 6 different directions at the same time.	It's getting hard to get anything done while being pulled in 6 different directions at the same time.	0
The fact that we both pushed each other this far and it's now over <;<;<;<; WTF	The fact that we both pushed each other this far and it's now over <;<;<;<; WTF	0
so usual im packing last minute n realise i have about 25 bikinis and 15 pairs of shoes. sh*t !!!	so usual im packing last minute n realise i have about 25 bikinis and 15 pairs of shoes. sh*t !!!	0
Going under the radar for a bit. In a funk. Ain't nobody got time for this. annoyed	Going under the radar for a bit. In a funk. Ain't nobody got time for this. annoyed	0
I don't know what to do anymore. :(( this is sooo stressful :/ and your not helping at all :/ Ugh	I don't know what to do anymore. :(( this is sooo stressful :/ and your not helping at all :/ Ugh	0
I swear to God Im switching to I hate with a passion my service has never worked since I got it  bull	I swear to God Im switching to I hate with a passion my service has never worked since I got it  bull	0
Seriously have no idea how I am going to make it through this week. My list of things just keeps growing. sendhelp	Seriously have no idea how I am going to make it through this week. My list of things just keeps growing. sendhelp	0
Three MUN papers plus a massive pile of homework. I'm so bloody stressed out, I don't even know what to do or even where to begin.	Three MUN papers plus a massive pile of homework. I'm so bloody stressed out, I don't even know what to do or even where to begin.	0
Seriously don't know whether to go to Hofstra with 11,000 dollars a year scholarship to a 40,000+ dollars tuition or OCC.	Seriously don't know whether to go to Hofstra with 11,000 dollars a year scholarship to a 40,000+ dollars tuition or OCC.	0
I think molecular cell will be the subject that changes my mind about being a bio major.	I think molecular cell will be the subject that changes my mind about being a bio major.	0
In high school every decision you make takes you closer to or farther from your goals Scary	In high school every decision you make takes you closer to or farther from your goals Scary	0
My hair brush snapped in half this morning. I wish I wouldve known it was foreshadowing my entire day and depressed	My hair brush snapped in half this morning. I wish I wouldve known it was foreshadowing my entire day and depressed	0
Smoking a j, and having a coffee. This is the only way to cope with things right now. confused	Smoking a j, and having a coffee. This is the only way to cope with things right now. confused	0
I'm so tired but don't want to sleep. Dreading the sunrise is the peak of my anxiety right now depression anxietydisorder. Nightsky sleeping	I'm so tired but don't want to sleep. Dreading the sunrise is the peak of my anxiety right now depression anxietydisorder. Nightsky sleeping	0
Brew and biscuits. :( I will never be able to diet as long as i live here!	Brew and biscuits. :( I will never be able to diet as long as i live here!	0
got this random number in my phone book it's annoying me, I WANT TO KNOW WHO YOU ARE!	got this random number in my phone book it's annoying me, I WANT TO KNOW WHO YOU ARE!	0
literally 2 days out of dreamhack and something messes up on my comp :/ I dont have time for thisssssss	literally 2 days out of dreamhack and something messes up on my comp :/ I dont have time for thisssssss	0
i know God has a plan for me, but i'm terribly afraid of failing Him and even myself. deepthoughts	i know God has a plan for me, but i'm terribly afraid of failing Him and even myself. deepthoughts	0
I seriously can't handle this today. Or this week. This birthday is gonna suck. upset	I seriously can't handle this today. Or this week. This birthday is gonna suck. upset	0
annoyed Trying to avoid a breakdown, meds get revamped in 2 wks. Thankful my mommy came to stay with me.	annoyed Trying to avoid a breakdown, meds get revamped in 2 wks. Thankful my mommy came to stay with me.	0
I literally spent half an hour searching for my wallet for it to be in my pocket the whole time. It is one of those mornings !	I literally spent half an hour searching for my wallet for it to be in my pocket the whole time. It is one of those mornings !	0
Musical play for Art Appreciation subject. Stage play din sa Sociology, Research paper for English 2, Thesis for Filipino. :(	Musical play for Art Appreciation subject. Stage play din sa Sociology, Research paper for English 2, Thesis for Filipino. :(	0
No place to go for my first week of work experience :-( " Any takers? Creche Dublin Northside??	No place to go for my first week of work experience :-( " Any takers? Creche Dublin Northside??	0
This is my last week at home. I have so much to do before I leave and only 4 days to do it in. Hate packing.	This is my last week at home. I have so much to do before I leave and only 4 days to do it in. Hate packing.	0
I'm now regretting my decision to pick up extra hours this week at work.. So much to do, so little time.	I'm now regretting my decision to pick up extra hours this week at work.. So much to do, so little time.	0
Yelled at the kids today for being extra silly while trying to work (working from home). But then I felt awful and regretted it. This isnt their fault. Theyre kids and theyre getting stir-crazy but this isnt their fault. I have to remember that. COVID19 StayAtHome	Yelled at the kids today for being extra silly while trying to work (working from home). But then I felt awful and regretted it. This isnt their fault. Theyre kids and theyre getting stir-crazy but this isnt their fault. I have to remember that. COVID19 StayAtHome	0
i dont want to go back to res; i wanna stay home ! sick schoolsucks cant wait for this week to be over stressed .	i dont want to go back to res; i wanna stay home ! sick schoolsucks cant wait for this week to be over stressed .	0
Being 18 is going to turn me into an alcoholic - I need to go to the pub	Being 18 is going to turn me into an alcoholic - I need to go to the pub	0
3 steps forward then 10 steps back, yeah today was just not a good day	3 steps forward then 10 steps back, yeah today was just not a good day	0
i cannot wait till these godforsaken exams are OVER! just wana sleep.. and go to the cinema and do nothing	i cannot wait till these godforsaken exams are OVER! just wana sleep.. and go to the cinema and do nothing	0
When you find out your paper is due today and you thought it was due Thursday <;<;	When you find out your paper is due today and you thought it was due Thursday <;<;	0
too much coffee now I can't sleep, jus walking up and down the passage :(	too much coffee now I can't sleep, jus walking up and down the passage :(	0
Yeah, ill go to my game at 5:30 and my practice from 7:30 to 9:30 that is an hour away and find time to do my homework	Yeah, ill go to my game at 5:30 and my practice from 7:30 to 9:30 that is an hour away and find time to do my homework	0
That EXTREMELY AWKWARD MOMENT when your roommate is having sex and the apartment walls are really thin	That EXTREMELY AWKWARD MOMENT when your roommate is having sex and the apartment walls are really thin	0
Classes, gym, then napping forever. What a long week:( and I still have so much work to complete.	Classes, gym, then napping forever. What a long week:( and I still have so much work to complete.	0
There isn't enough time in my life to do all the things I need to do!!! stressed	There isn't enough time in my life to do all the things I need to do!!! stressed	0
I hate when I wake up with anxiety. With so many unknowns about events. Work seems to be getting further and further away from me. I miss everyone!!! Hopefully the tattoo expos happen in May.	I hate when I wake up with anxiety. With so many unknowns about events. Work seems to be getting further and further away from me. I miss everyone!!! Hopefully the tattoo expos happen in May.	0
I need a blowjob or a cigarette; whichever one is cheapest and least likely to leave me needing future medical attention.	I need a blowjob or a cigarette; whichever one is cheapest and least likely to leave me needing future medical attention.	0
Just had a nightmare that I died in a car accident. What the hell is going on with my head right now Sad	Just had a nightmare that I died in a car accident. What the hell is going on with my head right now Sad	0
Ugh im gettin sick of these anxiety attacks already I wish I could sleep at night:0	Ugh im gettin sick of these anxiety attacks already I wish I could sleep at night:0	0
This is what my life feels like right now. rain pouring storms sad RIPfriend badday stressed	This is what my life feels like right now. rain pouring storms sad RIPfriend badday stressed	0
Need to finish Dissertation blehhhhh role on 4pm so i can forget this horrible experience lol uni	Need to finish Dissertation blehhhhh role on 4pm so i can forget this horrible experience lol uni	0
So stressed you could scream? This simple strategy can take you from panic to peace in a single phrase".	So stressed you could scream? This simple strategy can take you from panic to peace in a single phrase".	0
Gosh I'm so behind on my homework :/ really gotta get all this crap done tonight	Gosh I'm so behind on my homework :/ really gotta get all this crap done tonight	0
I'll tell you what, the end of the month is not a good time for anyone in auto sales to be making life decisions	I'll tell you what, the end of the month is not a good time for anyone in auto sales to be making life decisions	0
I try to hold my tears in, but I let them slip out <;|3 :( disappointed tears I'm stronger than this. and I know it.	I try to hold my tears in, but I let them slip out <;|3 :( disappointed tears I'm stronger than this. and I know it.	0
Why is it that when one thing goes wrong, a million things start to get bad? confused	Why is it that when one thing goes wrong, a million things start to get bad? confused	0
Seriously there's gotta be a limit to the amount of bad news I can get in two days. lifehatesme	Seriously there's gotta be a limit to the amount of bad news I can get in two days. lifehatesme	0
been so and i keep making silly mistakes like realizing i left my wallet aka my drivers license at home	been so and i keep making silly mistakes like realizing i left my wallet aka my drivers license at home	0
This morning I got a bloody nose and got blood all over my pj's. Now tonight I am having a mental breakdown and can't get over it	This morning I got a bloody nose and got blood all over my pj's. Now tonight I am having a mental breakdown and can't get over it	0
I hate having so much on my mind. I wish I had redo button right now.	I hate having so much on my mind. I wish I had redo button right now.	0
My charger broke, I losty weekly bus pass, my phone bill is priced wrong I have no time to call tmobile bc working 2 jobs wtf	My charger broke, I losty weekly bus pass, my phone bill is priced wrong I have no time to call tmobile bc working 2 jobs wtf	0
Settled for cereal. Now it's so crunchy that I can't hear the movie I'm watching.	Settled for cereal. Now it's so crunchy that I can't hear the movie I'm watching.	0
That mixed feeling when your relieved to be done with your final paper, but nervous that it's not good enough	That mixed feeling when your relieved to be done with your final paper, but nervous that it's not good enough	0
Got early release from school 3 days in a row and i still never started hw	Got early release from school 3 days in a row and i still never started hw	0
No car , no job , failing a iba already . Wtf am I gunna do ?	No car , no job , failing a iba already . Wtf am I gunna do ?	0
Classes. Academic advising. Office hours. Paper due at 5 pm. Sign up for surf trip. Applications. Help out with cooking at Grace.	Classes. Academic advising. Office hours. Paper due at 5 pm. Sign up for surf trip. Applications. Help out with cooking at Grace.	0
A few drinks is definatly in order this weekend..when I say a few I mean I don't wanna remember my name at the end of the night	A few drinks is definatly in order this weekend..when I say a few I mean I don't wanna remember my name at the end of the night	0
Always hate when people are yelling questions at each other before an exam, just want some silence	Always hate when people are yelling questions at each other before an exam, just want some silence	0
the new next door neighbours are driving me crazy already, wish they would stfu or move back out noisey	the new next door neighbours are driving me crazy already, wish they would stfu or move back out noisey	0
Two tests, a speech, a paper, and two finals then I'm finally done with the semester. I hope I can make it..	Two tests, a speech, a paper, and two finals then I'm finally done with the semester. I hope I can make it..	0
Its hard,all under me as their leader. Anything goes wrong im to blame. + the drama	Its hard,all under me as their leader. Anything goes wrong im to blame. + the drama	0
Why must our teachers try to cram a whole semester in the last two weeks before exams?	Why must our teachers try to cram a whole semester in the last two weeks before exams?	0
Choreographing and placing without the people in your group is hard as hell I don't recommend it and I hate this so much. >;.<;	Choreographing and placing without the people in your group is hard as hell I don't recommend it and I hate this so much. >;.<;	0
The fact that I am still at work and I have the ACT tomorrow<;<;<; tired	The fact that I am still at work and I have the ACT tomorrow<;<;<; tired	0
December - Accident and 2 flat tyre- car is now in for Panelbeating, in the meantime I borrowed my bros, his clutch kit was worn and left me hanging on the highway late at night Januworry is going into Februworry	December - Accident and 2 flat tyre- car is now in for Panelbeating, in the meantime I borrowed my bros, his clutch kit was worn and left me hanging on the highway late at night Januworry is going into Februworry	0
is THE WORST! Ive been a customer for 30 years but Im switching banks ASAP! poorcustomerservice difficult	is THE WORST! Ive been a customer for 30 years but Im switching banks ASAP! poorcustomerservice difficult	0
I'm seriously almost just done with men. I'm thinking I have my son and that's all I need ! lost	I'm seriously almost just done with men. I'm thinking I have my son and that's all I need ! lost	0
I finna Give Up But looking at the improvement I have made it changes my mind set stressed help	I finna Give Up But looking at the improvement I have made it changes my mind set stressed help	0
homie u see this shyt on my page shyt not even twitter anymore smh :(	homie u see this shyt on my page shyt not even twitter anymore smh :(	0
Wish I had a rewind button. Keyed in all the commissions using the wrong item code.	Wish I had a rewind button. Keyed in all the commissions using the wrong item code.	0
Haven't been this stressed in a loooooong time why does $$$ have to make the world go round?!?	Haven't been this stressed in a loooooong time why does $$$ have to make the world go round?!?	0
Gettin a foot massage tonight with my valentines day present! pedi relax letloose stressed massage	Gettin a foot massage tonight with my valentines day present! pedi relax letloose stressed massage	0
Long day, random stress, messed up shoulder, gym day.now time to watch Lone Survivor LongDay StillNeedSleep	Long day, random stress, messed up shoulder, gym day.now time to watch Lone Survivor LongDay StillNeedSleep	0
why is the psych comprehensive exam a thing at k? It's unfair to test people over an entire discipline.	why is the psych comprehensive exam a thing at k? It's unfair to test people over an entire discipline.	0
My contract with my Talent Management ends in a few months and I don't have a plan.	My contract with my Talent Management ends in a few months and I don't have a plan.	0
I wonder if it will hurt if I walk out into the cold and not walk back. sad	I wonder if it will hurt if I walk out into the cold and not walk back. sad	0
my arms are too long and look awkward in pics, what does one do in this situation	my arms are too long and look awkward in pics, what does one do in this situation	0
help needed! Is it possible to park in Manchester for next Sunday's half marathon UKRunChat	help needed! Is it possible to park in Manchester for next Sunday's half marathon UKRunChat	0
Tears are welling up in my eyes im not kidding I cant do this research paper crying	Tears are welling up in my eyes im not kidding I cant do this research paper crying	0
Hi Meg, Just sent a support ticket to Lulu about an error on a recent order. Wondering how long a response will take?	Hi Meg, Just sent a support ticket to Lulu about an error on a recent order. Wondering how long a response will take?	0
This week and next week I have 2 finals, one exam and a quiz. Please excuse me while I cry in a corner	This week and next week I have 2 finals, one exam and a quiz. Please excuse me while I cry in a corner	0
My flatmates expressed they were sad at the idea of me leaving at the end of the year and said they'd cry  blessed never lol	My flatmates expressed they were sad at the idea of me leaving at the end of the year and said they'd cry  blessed never lol	0
Note to self: get the tram to work during rush hour otherwise you'll get stressed. fuck	Note to self: get the tram to work during rush hour otherwise you'll get stressed. fuck	0
She's now knocked the sat nav after I have spent 5 mins trying to work out how to use it. And it's sending us home goodlord	She's now knocked the sat nav after I have spent 5 mins trying to work out how to use it. And it's sending us home goodlord	0
Feeling at work? Take a few minutes and breathe deeply. This stimulates the parasympathetic reaction, which helps us to calm down	Feeling at work? Take a few minutes and breathe deeply. This stimulates the parasympathetic reaction, which helps us to calm down	0
Everytime I sit down to do chem homework the only thing that goes through my head is "I need a drink"	Everytime I sit down to do chem homework the only thing that goes through my head is "I need a drink"	0
So awake at half four with stupid blood sugars of 22.6 mmol I just have no idea what's happening !! :(	So awake at half four with stupid blood sugars of 22.6 mmol I just have no idea what's happening !! :(	0
Oh my gosh! I can never make up my mind! Someone just pick a job for me. prosandcons frustrated	Oh my gosh! I can never make up my mind! Someone just pick a job for me. prosandcons frustrated	0
I wish things were black and white. Right or wrong. Can someone please just tell me what to do? thanks	I wish things were black and white. Right or wrong. Can someone please just tell me what to do? thanks	0
Everything is stressful  painful  and exhausting.  I wonder if I can make it. anxietyproblems schools	Everything is stressful  painful  and exhausting.  I wonder if I can make it. anxietyproblems schools	0
Dear neighbours while I am studying do you mind turning your radio down I don't care if there is niggers in Paris	Dear neighbours while I am studying do you mind turning your radio down I don't care if there is niggers in Paris	0
There seems to be a recurring theme of people randomly stopping in front of me this morning. Running late for work now	There seems to be a recurring theme of people randomly stopping in front of me this morning. Running late for work now	0
So, almost every other state has been paid for the INEC stress except Abia. Abiacorper	So, almost every other state has been paid for the INEC stress except Abia. Abiacorper	0
Hate being stuck at work just 1 more hour oh how it shall drag on	Hate being stuck at work just 1 more hour oh how it shall drag on	0
I feel like I've been so busy lately. I just wanna have fun and go crazy like my friends sometimes.	I feel like I've been so busy lately. I just wanna have fun and go crazy like my friends sometimes.	0
There's still 10 min in this show. Give me something to live off of for the next week	There's still 10 min in this show. Give me something to live off of for the next week	0
I hate English so much, I can't study it and I'm not prepared for the exam tomorrow, I actually want to cry juniorcert	I hate English so much, I can't study it and I'm not prepared for the exam tomorrow, I actually want to cry juniorcert	0
I hate how I always have my AP Chem and AP Pysch tests on the same day.. terrible	I hate how I always have my AP Chem and AP Pysch tests on the same day.. terrible	0
Why do I always have Spanish tests and accounting quizzes on the same day? annoyed	Why do I always have Spanish tests and accounting quizzes on the same day? annoyed	0
For my birthday all I want is for everyone to at least pretend to like each other.	For my birthday all I want is for everyone to at least pretend to like each other.	0
If you thought cleaning your room is hard try clearing out my phone the amount of pictures and messages is stressing me OUT!	If you thought cleaning your room is hard try clearing out my phone the amount of pictures and messages is stressing me OUT!	0
All I wanna do is cry when I think about how incredibly awful Monday is gonna be  somuchtodo	All I wanna do is cry when I think about how incredibly awful Monday is gonna be  somuchtodo	0
Don't see how teachers can shout at you for not doing something when you've got an exam?? annoying	Don't see how teachers can shout at you for not doing something when you've got an exam?? annoying	0
All I'm asking for is a hug and being told that everything is gonna be alright.	All I'm asking for is a hug and being told that everything is gonna be alright.	0
I'm on YouTube listening to and I've come across at least five songs I don't know howamiadmittingthis onlytwoweeks	I'm on YouTube listening to and I've come across at least five songs I don't know howamiadmittingthis onlytwoweeks	0
It's probably not healthy that I never sleep and am wide awake all day and never get tired	It's probably not healthy that I never sleep and am wide awake all day and never get tired	0
It's been one of those days where I just need to crawl in bed and stay there! Come on 5 so I can get off of work without crying.	It's been one of those days where I just need to crawl in bed and stay there! Come on 5 so I can get off of work without crying.	0
final project for my FYE class is due tomorrow and I'm not even half way done. I need to quit a job	final project for my FYE class is due tomorrow and I'm not even half way done. I need to quit a job	0
In a divorced family, its so hard to make plans for Christmas, everything gets mixed up and the kids are the ones who pay for it!	In a divorced family, its so hard to make plans for Christmas, everything gets mixed up and the kids are the ones who pay for it!	0
This game has me on edge after watching that leafs vs Boston game, play some D moose and end it	This game has me on edge after watching that leafs vs Boston game, play some D moose and end it	0
Been such a long week just gonna sleep this weekend But go so much to do?	Been such a long week just gonna sleep this weekend But go so much to do?	0
Let's play the game how many five page papers can Catherine write before the end of next week fuck collegelife	Let's play the game how many five page papers can Catherine write before the end of next week fuck collegelife	0
when softball starts up and i get that first pitch i'm swinging and it's going to be a BOMB	when softball starts up and i get that first pitch i'm swinging and it's going to be a BOMB	0
Will someone come and press the submit button on this assignment for me? If I read it again Im going to continue to convince myself its completely wrong and delete it all	Will someone come and press the submit button on this assignment for me? If I read it again Im going to continue to convince myself its completely wrong and delete it all	0
So sick of this already. I just want it to be over and done with. I thought I was done letting this bother me.	So sick of this already. I just want it to be over and done with. I thought I was done letting this bother me.	0
What is up with my emotions today. one minute Im laughing then a second later crying.	What is up with my emotions today. one minute Im laughing then a second later crying.	0
Well that was a sleepless night! Excitement and panic all rolled into one! Oh and random wrong numbers don't help!	Well that was a sleepless night! Excitement and panic all rolled into one! Oh and random wrong numbers don't help!	0
I hate not knowing exactly what I'm doing a head if time. I'm sick of being super busy and just need a day to relax and do nothing	I hate not knowing exactly what I'm doing a head if time. I'm sick of being super busy and just need a day to relax and do nothing	0
Going out for a late night drive, stressed out :( someone should make my night by $ending me something<;3	Going out for a late night drive, stressed out :( someone should make my night by $ending me something<;3	0
I need to go on college visits but I don't even know where to begin.	I need to go on college visits but I don't even know where to begin.	0
So much on my mind I wish I could just know what choice to make confused	So much on my mind I wish I could just know what choice to make confused	0
Tomorrow is the last day of the semester. You guys I might just cry. It's probably bad that that's the least of my worries.	Tomorrow is the last day of the semester. You guys I might just cry. It's probably bad that that's the least of my worries.	0
I hate thinking about the future.. the fact that I have no idea what I'm going to do after high school makes me want to cry.	I hate thinking about the future.. the fact that I have no idea what I'm going to do after high school makes me want to cry.	0
When your paycheck is a lot more less then you thought it would be <;<;<;<;<;	When your paycheck is a lot more less then you thought it would be <;<;<;<;<;	0
All I kno is I need to be drinking HEAVILY this wknd! And that's the fucken truth!	All I kno is I need to be drinking HEAVILY this wknd! And that's the fucken truth!	0
Behind the scenes of my reality: I have 649 photos to edit and animate by Monday.	Behind the scenes of my reality: I have 649 photos to edit and animate by Monday.	0
I need to start applying for internships too!!  I wonder if would take me in Or :( studentlife	I need to start applying for internships too!!  I wonder if would take me in Or :( studentlife	0
When I say something I mean it. You can trust me. You can come to me. Just talk to me. Gosh	When I say something I mean it. You can trust me. You can come to me. Just talk to me. Gosh	0
Seriously hoping today's sofa hunting dosnt go as badly as yesterday's epic fail of flat hunting!	Seriously hoping today's sofa hunting dosnt go as badly as yesterday's epic fail of flat hunting!	0
Trying to get organised for a week long business trip whilst also looking after the kids	Trying to get organised for a week long business trip whilst also looking after the kids	0
I'd say in the past 3 weeks whilst I've been doing all these essays, my chocolate intake has increased 70%	I'd say in the past 3 weeks whilst I've been doing all these essays, my chocolate intake has increased 70%	0
I have to get my moms birthday present and my masquerade costume this week and I literally have no time.	I have to get my moms birthday present and my masquerade costume this week and I literally have no time.	0
Need prayers I really want to make this Washington job happen waiting on the phone call telling me come on	Need prayers I really want to make this Washington job happen waiting on the phone call telling me come on	0
Seriously your going to yell at me when it wasn't even my fault!!!! :'( pissed off	Seriously your going to yell at me when it wasn't even my fault!!!! :'( pissed off	0
This spring has gone from blessed to ; we have so much school work to do, but my stupid monkey brain likes to ignore the tasks and play games instead.	This spring has gone from blessed to ; we have so much school work to do, but my stupid monkey brain likes to ignore the tasks and play games instead.	0
My life shouldn't be this scary at my age. I shouldn't have to go through any of this right now. scared	My life shouldn't be this scary at my age. I shouldn't have to go through any of this right now. scared	0
Still awake with SLEEPOVER.this stupid computer just froze and started blasting 23 by miley cyrus.	Still awake with SLEEPOVER.this stupid computer just froze and started blasting 23 by miley cyrus.	0
The dress has been white and gold and blue and black for me so I don't even know what to believe anymore	The dress has been white and gold and blue and black for me so I don't even know what to believe anymore	0
Hate working in a traffic office when it's coming up to bank holiday toobusy and it's also roasting in here	Hate working in a traffic office when it's coming up to bank holiday toobusy and it's also roasting in here	0
Grumpy, bad day. Wish my baby was home to make me feel better broke collegeproblems	Grumpy, bad day. Wish my baby was home to make me feel better broke collegeproblems	0
I want it all to go back to "normal" I hate having all these feelings!!!	I want it all to go back to "normal" I hate having all these feelings!!!	0
Dear school, can I have a little less stress please? I think I have a shred of my sanity left!	Dear school, can I have a little less stress please? I think I have a shred of my sanity left!	0
I have a lot on my mind, and I have a lot of homework to do. collegelife :/ ugh!	I have a lot on my mind, and I have a lot of homework to do. collegelife :/ ugh!	0
my billie eilish poster just fell down whilst i'm in my bed trying to sleep	my billie eilish poster just fell down whilst i'm in my bed trying to sleep	0
I hate you, then I love you. Its like I want to throw you off a cliff, then rush to the bottom to catch you!	I hate you, then I love you. Its like I want to throw you off a cliff, then rush to the bottom to catch you!	0
I'm realizing my anxiety about the little things is getting in the way of me living my life.	I'm realizing my anxiety about the little things is getting in the way of me living my life.	0
After a week hiatus from news channels I realize that commercials are actively causing part of my stress. + + car ad with angsty woman singing while millennials stare out the car window are pushing me away from ads	After a week hiatus from news channels I realize that commercials are actively causing part of my stress. + + car ad with angsty woman singing while millennials stare out the car window are pushing me away from ads	0
I am beyond tired. I shall now MAKE time for a nap before the chaos continues	I am beyond tired. I shall now MAKE time for a nap before the chaos continues	0
This has been one fucked up day im tired of fighting with people I need to relax and unwind for a day with no fighting out	This has been one fucked up day im tired of fighting with people I need to relax and unwind for a day with no fighting out	0
Work dragged on forever  and the rest of my nights lookin pretty shitty too. annoyed blah ilovemoneytho	Work dragged on forever  and the rest of my nights lookin pretty shitty too. annoyed blah ilovemoneytho	0
Seems like the only time I get to tweet nowdays is late at night while I'm studying Exams	Seems like the only time I get to tweet nowdays is late at night while I'm studying Exams	0
Argh , my toddler is starting to hide things, something I spent days looking for he has now 'hidden'	Argh , my toddler is starting to hide things, something I spent days looking for he has now 'hidden'	0
Am I the only one who cant sleep well the night before a big Exam?	Am I the only one who cant sleep well the night before a big Exam?	0
first night at the new place.. thanks Dad and Bille-Jean for all your help! exhausted	first night at the new place.. thanks Dad and Bille-Jean for all your help! exhausted	0
I don't understand why we don't have enough Ableride buses to get Disabled Kids home from colleges in an emergency	I don't understand why we don't have enough Ableride buses to get Disabled Kids home from colleges in an emergency	0
can guarantee I will cry at least once before Friday I'm so far behind in my nursing readings it's not even funny	can guarantee I will cry at least once before Friday I'm so far behind in my nursing readings it's not even funny	0
It never fails.. As soon as I crawl into bed my brain starts to remember all the shit I have to get done this week..	It never fails.. As soon as I crawl into bed my brain starts to remember all the shit I have to get done this week..	0
I'm nervous I'm going to ride terribly in my lesson tomorrow. I have so much on my mind lately.	I'm nervous I'm going to ride terribly in my lesson tomorrow. I have so much on my mind lately.	0
I wish I could get my head into a good space so I can get on with my next book	I wish I could get my head into a good space so I can get on with my next book	0
so what's a guy gotta do to get a little RAW support on the D750 5 weddings to edit!	so what's a guy gotta do to get a little RAW support on the D750 5 weddings to edit!	0
breaking down bc I can't deal with all of the procedures, operations, and surgeries I'm going to have to go through.	breaking down bc I can't deal with all of the procedures, operations, and surgeries I'm going to have to go through.	0
Note to self, when ordering from always deliver to the store because are useless, unhelpful and rude when you try and understand their weird delivery options.	Note to self, when ordering from always deliver to the store because are useless, unhelpful and rude when you try and understand their weird delivery options.	0
that moment when your typing a paper and the person next you flips their keyboard over, yells fuck finals, and walks out.	that moment when your typing a paper and the person next you flips their keyboard over, yells fuck finals, and walks out.	0
cannot find anything to wear for my birthdaay:( ahhh going to end up being like a tramp	cannot find anything to wear for my birthdaay:( ahhh going to end up being like a tramp	0
Donald Trump videos stress me out. I can't handle racist, narrow minded people who talk out of their ass.	Donald Trump videos stress me out. I can't handle racist, narrow minded people who talk out of their ass.	0
Absolutely confused, how on earth am I suppose to find out UK artists who young people look up to work	Absolutely confused, how on earth am I suppose to find out UK artists who young people look up to work	0
I wish I knew what I really mean to you. If I mean anything at all. overthinking	I wish I knew what I really mean to you. If I mean anything at all. overthinking	0
I've just been so on edge for about a week I can't seem to get a break	I've just been so on edge for about a week I can't seem to get a break	0
Resist your sugar cravings. You'll feel even worse when the sugar rush disappears.	Resist your sugar cravings. You'll feel even worse when the sugar rush disappears.	0
It's just hit me the amount of work I need to do before we break up for Easter, so starting tomorrow I'll have no social	It's just hit me the amount of work I need to do before we break up for Easter, so starting tomorrow I'll have no social	0
wtf is goin on where is he atwhat is he doinis he okaywhy he not hittin me back	wtf is goin on where is he atwhat is he doinis he okaywhy he not hittin me back	0
My vibe too fucked up rite now finna listen to music ndd lay down about too much	My vibe too fucked up rite now finna listen to music ndd lay down about too much	0
Evryone wants to go to neptunes tomorrow .. Nobody wants to drive Ugghhhh .. stressed Someone sack up	Evryone wants to go to neptunes tomorrow .. Nobody wants to drive Ugghhhh .. stressed Someone sack up	0
I can't believe that in a week from now, I'll be back at school. Idk if I'm excited to go back or sad to be leaving home	I can't believe that in a week from now, I'll be back at school. Idk if I'm excited to go back or sad to be leaving home	0
I hate waiting until the last minute to write papers for school but i have no motivation to do it when i first get the assignment	I hate waiting until the last minute to write papers for school but i have no motivation to do it when i first get the assignment	0
Going shopping for the 849292727 time looking for a court dress stressed I FEEL YA	Going shopping for the 849292727 time looking for a court dress stressed I FEEL YA	0
thank you! The weather is terrible to be driving in. And my car is being weird.	thank you! The weather is terrible to be driving in. And my car is being weird.	0
I hate when something that should have taken me an hour TAKE ALL FUCKING DAY INSTEAD	I hate when something that should have taken me an hour TAKE ALL FUCKING DAY INSTEAD	0
When you say a word repeatedly and it sounds as if it has no meaning	When you say a word repeatedly and it sounds as if it has no meaning	0
Having a nervous breakdown! Hate my outfit for tomorrow and it's to short notice to find something else	Having a nervous breakdown! Hate my outfit for tomorrow and it's to short notice to find something else	0
Im not one to give up but ur making it pretty hard for me , ThisBoy GotMeGoingCrazy	Im not one to give up but ur making it pretty hard for me , ThisBoy GotMeGoingCrazy	0
Please let these cold symptoms go away I can not get sick this week toomuchtodo	Please let these cold symptoms go away I can not get sick this week toomuchtodo	0
I guess I am off to bed. Beat. Today was rough. No sleep last night. Mind wouldn't shut down. Worried	I guess I am off to bed. Beat. Today was rough. No sleep last night. Mind wouldn't shut down. Worried	0
I was suppose to wake up at 7 and go to my library to study what a damn fail! I am hella tired! work finals tired	I was suppose to wake up at 7 and go to my library to study what a damn fail! I am hella tired! work finals tired	0
My son is 2 months away from turning 2 and gawd the terrible twos have already hit him like a truck	My son is 2 months away from turning 2 and gawd the terrible twos have already hit him like a truck	0
This week has been another level rubbish. What's the options for a grown woman to fully hibernate for a few days FML	This week has been another level rubbish. What's the options for a grown woman to fully hibernate for a few days FML	0
Every time I mention another idea to my parents for college I get shut down. It all leads back to going to moorpark for 2 years..	Every time I mention another idea to my parents for college I get shut down. It all leads back to going to moorpark for 2 years..	0
I'm waiting till I just break down. Idk how much more I can handle breakdown sad broken	I'm waiting till I just break down. Idk how much more I can handle breakdown sad broken	0
Why must I be such a worry wart. I can feel the ulcers accumulating in my tummy :/ anxious	Why must I be such a worry wart. I can feel the ulcers accumulating in my tummy :/ anxious	0
Washing in, hair being sorted as we speak I do love leaving everything to the last minute Not!!	Washing in, hair being sorted as we speak I do love leaving everything to the last minute Not!!	0
Last minute studying before our finals  lets do this e_moan finalsweek stressed tired hardwork @	Last minute studying before our finals  lets do this e_moan finalsweek stressed tired hardwork @	0
Deciding to move house at 8 months pregnant is a very silly idea, should not of left this till the last minute:( tired	Deciding to move house at 8 months pregnant is a very silly idea, should not of left this till the last minute:( tired	0
Tired Today I had a statistics midterm exam (part 2), ACT tom, work keys wed, psych quiz and paper fri and write an English paper	Tired Today I had a statistics midterm exam (part 2), ACT tom, work keys wed, psych quiz and paper fri and write an English paper	0
Why can't I get my children to play in their playroom with their TOYS?! Whoa, it's been a long day. mommyprobs	Why can't I get my children to play in their playroom with their TOYS?! Whoa, it's been a long day. mommyprobs	0
my professors continual lack in ability to provide proper resources and instructions makes me absolutely insane!	my professors continual lack in ability to provide proper resources and instructions makes me absolutely insane!	0
When you're in a bad moo and someone doesn't know when to leave you alone.	When you're in a bad moo and someone doesn't know when to leave you alone.	0
Trying to manage working almost everyday, going to college and making a car payment while trying to buy Christmas presents	Trying to manage working almost everyday, going to college and making a car payment while trying to buy Christmas presents	0
Sometimes health and fitness is really all I think about and frankly I'm exhausted from it tookovermylife	Sometimes health and fitness is really all I think about and frankly I'm exhausted from it tookovermylife	0
Why does everything have to be due on the same day for every class??? Why???	Why does everything have to be due on the same day for every class??? Why???	0
Why so BUSY :( this month of "AUGUST and SEPTEMBER" is so :( :'( :( huhuhuhu . BUSY  feeling stressed	Why so BUSY :( this month of "AUGUST and SEPTEMBER" is so :( :'( :( huhuhuhu . BUSY  feeling stressed	0
Why is it when you need to finish early everything goes wrong should of stayed in bed	Why is it when you need to finish early everything goes wrong should of stayed in bed	0
Got all this coloring due tomorrow  6th grader, eh? I had this junior year.	Got all this coloring due tomorrow  6th grader, eh? I had this junior year.	0
Snowing like mad. Can't leave early, cuz I'll get fired. Really hope the buses are running. I hate winter.	Snowing like mad. Can't leave early, cuz I'll get fired. Really hope the buses are running. I hate winter.	0
I think I may go and put some rounds down range before I break and end up on CNN.	I think I may go and put some rounds down range before I break and end up on CNN.	0
Tired? Stressed? In pain? I can help! How to Unleash your Hidden Healing Potential - via	Tired? Stressed? In pain? I can help! How to Unleash your Hidden Healing Potential - via	0
Don't think I could be anymore stressed right now! Give he some alcohol Ffs grr	Don't think I could be anymore stressed right now! Give he some alcohol Ffs grr	0
i hate being FB friends with people from work i have to watch what i say about August and on	i hate being FB friends with people from work i have to watch what i say about August and on	0
Why does this have to be so complicated?! Why can't everything just go smoothly and workout the way I need it to?!?	Why does this have to be so complicated?! Why can't everything just go smoothly and workout the way I need it to?!?	0
I need a time machine, back to 1999 please. I just need to give myself a bit of advice. sad depressed	I need a time machine, back to 1999 please. I just need to give myself a bit of advice. sad depressed	0
This is why I hate exams Can't relax, can't stop biting my nails and feeling sick. This can't be good for my health! hateexams	This is why I hate exams Can't relax, can't stop biting my nails and feeling sick. This can't be good for my health! hateexams	0
This whole month has been harder then I thought it would be sad justwanttheholidays to be over now	This whole month has been harder then I thought it would be sad justwanttheholidays to be over now	0
So done with this data analysis now :( it all seemed easy when I was just inputting data	So done with this data analysis now :( it all seemed easy when I was just inputting data	0
Just feel like im not good enough for anything, girlfriend seems mad at me and i fucked up big time :'( depressed	Just feel like im not good enough for anything, girlfriend seems mad at me and i fucked up big time :'( depressed	0
The squirrels on campus have become twice their size in the past two weeks i swear. ?	The squirrels on campus have become twice their size in the past two weeks i swear. ?	0
The fact that I have absolutely no idea what grade I have had in ap world ALL NINE WEEKS and the grading period ends Friday..	The fact that I have absolutely no idea what grade I have had in ap world ALL NINE WEEKS and the grading period ends Friday..	0
And I'm suppose to take a practice MCAT exam tomorrow which is about to be an absolute fail in my current mindset Mad	And I'm suppose to take a practice MCAT exam tomorrow which is about to be an absolute fail in my current mindset Mad	0
How on earth am I supposed to study for my psychology exam tomorrow when I can't stop crying? whyamiemotional	How on earth am I supposed to study for my psychology exam tomorrow when I can't stop crying? whyamiemotional	0
Feeling beat down having to pursue something I hate at school rather then continuing to work on what I truly love	Feeling beat down having to pursue something I hate at school rather then continuing to work on what I truly love	0
When ur stressed, don't look down-ur fixatg on life that's already happend or fears of the future.	When ur stressed, don't look down-ur fixatg on life that's already happend or fears of the future.	0
Love being on for 200 quid and 2 matches getting abandoned when results where what I needed not been a good day	Love being on for 200 quid and 2 matches getting abandoned when results where what I needed not been a good day	0
Some sweats, a blanket and another diet coke will be the move tonight when I get off. tired	Some sweats, a blanket and another diet coke will be the move tonight when I get off. tired	0
Sitting here at this dusty desk til 7am Then going to my other job 8-5	Sitting here at this dusty desk til 7am Then going to my other job 8-5	0
This week will pass by, and we'll forget everything we studied. But we'll never forget how awful it was. examweek whyputusthruit	This week will pass by, and we'll forget everything we studied. But we'll never forget how awful it was. examweek whyputusthruit	0
Being a perfectionist, a mom, and in nursing school is about to drive my little brain crazy.	Being a perfectionist, a mom, and in nursing school is about to drive my little brain crazy.	0
If I make it to my 24th birthday without getting a stomach ulcer or having a stroke it will be a miracle	If I make it to my 24th birthday without getting a stomach ulcer or having a stroke it will be a miracle	0
Attended no seminars and lectures for EU all year and still havnt started revising for tomorrow's exam yet either :/ feelingshit	Attended no seminars and lectures for EU all year and still havnt started revising for tomorrow's exam yet either :/ feelingshit	0
When work is stressful and home is a different stressful what's a person supposed to do?	When work is stressful and home is a different stressful what's a person supposed to do?	0
Staying my parents alone is torture after having found a burglar asleep in my apartment in my bed in March.	Staying my parents alone is torture after having found a burglar asleep in my apartment in my bed in March.	0
Not really sure how I'm supposed to work till 11:30 tonight then take my anatomy final tomorrow morning without failing	Not really sure how I'm supposed to work till 11:30 tonight then take my anatomy final tomorrow morning without failing	0
Idk wtf I'm doing with my life career wise.. Ima pharmacy technician , with 1/2 way of a criminal justice degree completed.  idk	Idk wtf I'm doing with my life career wise.. Ima pharmacy technician , with 1/2 way of a criminal justice degree completed.  idk	0
Stressed out? Feeling overweight? Want to do something about it? This BCresort vacation has what u need	Stressed out? Feeling overweight? Want to do something about it? This BCresort vacation has what u need	0
If I knew I was gonna be taking care of kids full time by myself, I would of stayed on birth control, kept using condoms, and would of stayed single! Tired	If I knew I was gonna be taking care of kids full time by myself, I would of stayed on birth control, kept using condoms, and would of stayed single! Tired	0
so over this.. even my body is telling me i need to be at home. sick	so over this.. even my body is telling me i need to be at home. sick	0
Why is it that when I try my hardest it blows up in my face, like seriously..	Why is it that when I try my hardest it blows up in my face, like seriously..	0
Hate when you don't have a clue what to wear for a nightout :( saturday	Hate when you don't have a clue what to wear for a nightout :( saturday	0
Cleaning out my room before I head to the other side of the world - how can such a small room hold so much stuff?!	Cleaning out my room before I head to the other side of the world - how can such a small room hold so much stuff?!	0
I have a concentration span of about 10 minutes, I definitely should have finished this report by now ahhhhh uniwork boring	I have a concentration span of about 10 minutes, I definitely should have finished this report by now ahhhhh uniwork boring	0
Can't decide if it's physics that I hate.. Or just school in general. sodone nomore	Can't decide if it's physics that I hate.. Or just school in general. sodone nomore	0
Planning and arranging an engagement ceremony for 150 people in 4 days is harder than I thought.	Planning and arranging an engagement ceremony for 150 people in 4 days is harder than I thought.	0
Want to quit sixthform, quit work and baisically just quit life right now tired	Want to quit sixthform, quit work and baisically just quit life right now tired	0
how the fuck do I download the tape on iPhone , I want it NOW , not downloading ,	how the fuck do I download the tape on iPhone , I want it NOW , not downloading ,	0
Should I update to IOS 8 now? haha Goodniight lazy and sleepy. .. Cuddle buddy where are you?	Should I update to IOS 8 now? haha Goodniight lazy and sleepy. .. Cuddle buddy where are you?	0
I've been doing homework since I got out of school. I'm about to blow up mad tired	I've been doing homework since I got out of school. I'm about to blow up mad tired	0
I seriously get the constant feeling that I'm going to throw up throughout the whole week of finals help	I seriously get the constant feeling that I'm going to throw up throughout the whole week of finals help	0
crying because anatomy is killing me I have an amer.lit Project a paper for Humx a psych test and journals for com religion	crying because anatomy is killing me I have an amer.lit Project a paper for Humx a psych test and journals for com religion	0
My arms feel like jello man I can't even explain how much I hate these got damn crutches	My arms feel like jello man I can't even explain how much I hate these got damn crutches	0
My dress was never this short, i don't understand why it wont stay down, like what the problem	My dress was never this short, i don't understand why it wont stay down, like what the problem	0
This operation has really taken it out of me and people are just so selfish!!!!	This operation has really taken it out of me and people are just so selfish!!!!	0
I want to shove a box of tissues up the nose of the guy sitting next to me. STOP SNIFFING.	I want to shove a box of tissues up the nose of the guy sitting next to me. STOP SNIFFING.	0
When you thought you were on a page with someone and then it seems you got it wrong humiliation	When you thought you were on a page with someone and then it seems you got it wrong humiliation	0
They should let 2 toddlers in to the cube with there toys then send the contestant in after them to tidy up!	They should let 2 toddlers in to the cube with there toys then send the contestant in after them to tidy up!	0
The moment when you wish you had the answers to whats happening inside your head.scared confused	The moment when you wish you had the answers to whats happening inside your head.scared confused	0
My brain is overloaded with so much crap that i can't get any sleep. My to do list is looking never ending.	My brain is overloaded with so much crap that i can't get any sleep. My to do list is looking never ending.	0
There is so much I want to talk about and so much to say But no one to talk to, because no one understands.	There is so much I want to talk about and so much to say But no one to talk to, because no one understands.	0
Life stuck on repeat. Working 6 days not enough rest. Either I make to much or not enough for my own place.	Life stuck on repeat. Working 6 days not enough rest. Either I make to much or not enough for my own place.	0
I'm gonna need this week to slow it down so I can have the time to get everything done. BusiestNext10DaysOfMyLife	I'm gonna need this week to slow it down so I can have the time to get everything done. BusiestNext10DaysOfMyLife	0
So much for getting to sleep by 10 .. I hate my neighbours so much	So much for getting to sleep by 10 .. I hate my neighbours so much	0
guess u should inform Hat that he wants me! ROFL.i deleted my pathetic tweets..hopefully before he read them	guess u should inform Hat that he wants me! ROFL.i deleted my pathetic tweets..hopefully before he read them	0
I hate the angle looking straight down, I can't even watch when that's on skywire wallenda Must remember to breath	I hate the angle looking straight down, I can't even watch when that's on skywire wallenda Must remember to breath	0
Really just wanna have a few drinks and forget about the past, present and future for awhile	Really just wanna have a few drinks and forget about the past, present and future for awhile	0
I'm a few days late and now after watching the summer finale for PLL You've officially takin over my life!	I'm a few days late and now after watching the summer finale for PLL You've officially takin over my life!	0
Being sick for 3 weeks put me so far behind and now its midterm week	Being sick for 3 weeks put me so far behind and now its midterm week	0
I'm sunburnt and over thinking things and I'm basically never going to sleep and maybe I'll cry a little mynight	I'm sunburnt and over thinking things and I'm basically never going to sleep and maybe I'll cry a little mynight	0
I hate being so poor :'( Money worries have got to be the worst stress ever. That and worrying about your health :(	I hate being so poor :'( Money worries have got to be the worst stress ever. That and worrying about your health :(	0
I need a new job and it's so hard to find one in Troy Ugh.	I need a new job and it's so hard to find one in Troy Ugh.	0
They only way to end this week is with a couple cold ones and a nice round of golf or two	They only way to end this week is with a couple cold ones and a nice round of golf or two	0
I'm so freaking tired I feel like I haven't had a day to sleep in in forever, and I've got so much crap to do	I'm so freaking tired I feel like I haven't had a day to sleep in in forever, and I've got so much crap to do	0
In 25 hours I will be at the airport. I have a lot to do between now and then!!!	In 25 hours I will be at the airport. I have a lot to do between now and then!!!	0
I need an assistant to keep track of all of the applications I am receiving for an assistant.	I need an assistant to keep track of all of the applications I am receiving for an assistant.	0
Coffee, I need coffee! I've got water in the bathroom, that sounds ok but it isn't. That water is infiltrating from the roof.	Coffee, I need coffee! I've got water in the bathroom, that sounds ok but it isn't. That water is infiltrating from the roof.	0
Have to finish all my Christmas shopping this weekend on half of a paycheck cause I don't get paid again till AFTER Christmas	Have to finish all my Christmas shopping this weekend on half of a paycheck cause I don't get paid again till AFTER Christmas	0
Parents allow their children to skip school because it is cold or they're stressed. My parents never got that memo.	Parents allow their children to skip school because it is cold or they're stressed. My parents never got that memo.	0
They stupid ugly looking fucking trams!! Slow fuckers takes about an hour to get through princes street? The bus is overheating	They stupid ugly looking fucking trams!! Slow fuckers takes about an hour to get through princes street? The bus is overheating	0
Shouldve gotten my softball bat sent to my work. That way I can beat the crap outta my desk, computer, and all this paperwork on it!	Shouldve gotten my softball bat sent to my work. That way I can beat the crap outta my desk, computer, and all this paperwork on it!	0
I HATE printers and computers and all the other stupid things that don't do why they're supposed to do!	I HATE printers and computers and all the other stupid things that don't do why they're supposed to do!	0
Whata fucking stressful night rarhh needastiffdrink pissedoff feellikeachode kill some bears on ac3 for me PLEASE	Whata fucking stressful night rarhh needastiffdrink pissedoff feellikeachode kill some bears on ac3 for me PLEASE	0
So much to do in so little time. Why do i leave everything till the last minute	So much to do in so little time. Why do i leave everything till the last minute	0
I have searched up and down this house for my grandma's blanket And its not here	I have searched up and down this house for my grandma's blanket And its not here	0
Might be commuting for my last year of school depending on how well Mark's interviews go next month	Might be commuting for my last year of school depending on how well Mark's interviews go next month	0
Im telling you one of these days im gonna completely snap and that person is getting a full 20 years of anger held back	Im telling you one of these days im gonna completely snap and that person is getting a full 20 years of anger held back	0
Why does it take 1 hour to checkin at Luton have you not heard of online checkin (without charging) crazy timewaste	Why does it take 1 hour to checkin at Luton have you not heard of online checkin (without charging) crazy timewaste	0
What a busy day: trying to meet a deadline, watch my daughter perform at the civic center, and a friends wedding!	What a busy day: trying to meet a deadline, watch my daughter perform at the civic center, and a friends wedding!	0
I've put on weight, and my arms have gotten bigger, so why am I not throwing harder?!	I've put on weight, and my arms have gotten bigger, so why am I not throwing harder?!	0
Headphones in and music blaring. Gotta get away from this crazy world for a little bit.	Headphones in and music blaring. Gotta get away from this crazy world for a little bit.	0
At this rate, I am probably going to have a mental breakdown sometime before Spring Break	At this rate, I am probably going to have a mental breakdown sometime before Spring Break	0
Student teaching is like a semester long test that no one can fully prepare you for. notagoodtesttaker	Student teaching is like a semester long test that no one can fully prepare you for. notagoodtesttaker	0
I just can't wait until that 3:00 bell rings this Friday, and I'm officially done with this semester. tired	I just can't wait until that 3:00 bell rings this Friday, and I'm officially done with this semester. tired	0
I need remotework remotejobs in dataentry or anything allowing me to WorkFromHome - strong preference to spreadsheet for 8 hrs a day/40 hrs a week. Tired of killing myself with overwork No lunches, driving 8+ hours, missing days off and dr appointments! IsThisLegal	I need remotework remotejobs in dataentry or anything allowing me to WorkFromHome - strong preference to spreadsheet for 8 hrs a day/40 hrs a week. Tired of killing myself with overwork No lunches, driving 8+ hours, missing days off and dr appointments! IsThisLegal	0
Not knowing is the worst part. I'm so nervous about something that could be fine but could also turn out awful. didthistomyself	Not knowing is the worst part. I'm so nervous about something that could be fine but could also turn out awful. didthistomyself	0
This party trying its best to be expensive, but i know i can get around it crazy	This party trying its best to be expensive, but i know i can get around it crazy	0
Trapping us by giving us school debt.. Now I know why people rob banks. TO PAY THE BANKS BACK. Fuck.	Trapping us by giving us school debt.. Now I know why people rob banks. TO PAY THE BANKS BACK. Fuck.	0
I haven't slept I been up since 6 and all I'm doing is over thinking every possible thing right now I hate feelings	I haven't slept I been up since 6 and all I'm doing is over thinking every possible thing right now I hate feelings	0
I hate making big decisions that I know will impact the rest of my life.	I hate making big decisions that I know will impact the rest of my life.	0
I just need my time to breathe and think about today a little bit. That's all I ask..	I just need my time to breathe and think about today a little bit. That's all I ask..	0
So I went from weighing 115lbs to 103. Uh. Not good. Time to go see a doctor.	So I went from weighing 115lbs to 103. Uh. Not good. Time to go see a doctor.	0
Ohhhh weeee I am so on edge/ crabby tonight. You know it's bad when I can even tell annoyed	Ohhhh weeee I am so on edge/ crabby tonight. You know it's bad when I can even tell annoyed	0
Sleep would be nice..wish I could turn my brain off for a few hours insomnia	Sleep would be nice..wish I could turn my brain off for a few hours insomnia	0
I wanna be on the beach, tanning, and getting pampered all day long for a week. orlonger	I wanna be on the beach, tanning, and getting pampered all day long for a week. orlonger	0
If I don't pass this English test tomorrow I may as well go live in a hole and stay there for the rest of my sad life.	If I don't pass this English test tomorrow I may as well go live in a hole and stay there for the rest of my sad life.	0
You know that annoying person clicking their pen constantly in class? That was me today Sorry y'all.	You know that annoying person clicking their pen constantly in class? That was me today Sorry y'all.	0
i am so sorry I have not been on that much. training has been really difficult + I haven't gotten much sleep. be on tmrw	i am so sorry I have not been on that much. training has been really difficult + I haven't gotten much sleep. be on tmrw	0
Hate it when my parents bitch about eachother Feel so in the middle of this	Hate it when my parents bitch about eachother Feel so in the middle of this	0
hate typing on a computer. I can never press the letters in the right order.	hate typing on a computer. I can never press the letters in the right order.	0
kinda forgot about all the projects that their due dates are coming up woops procrastination	kinda forgot about all the projects that their due dates are coming up woops procrastination	0
Feel like spending one of those full days in bed , When even getting up for food is optional lazy tired	Feel like spending one of those full days in bed , When even getting up for food is optional lazy tired	0
4 hours at the library and I've still got at least 2 hours of work to do today alone	4 hours at the library and I've still got at least 2 hours of work to do today alone	0
When all you want to do is sit down for 5mins after work.. But mum asks you to do something LEAVE ME FOR 5MINUITES!!	When all you want to do is sit down for 5mins after work.. But mum asks you to do something LEAVE ME FOR 5MINUITES!!	0
Hate it when someone opens the door, comes into my room and leaves without closing the door	Hate it when someone opens the door, comes into my room and leaves without closing the door	0
If I didn't finish all my exams next Thursday I think I would actually have a break down	If I didn't finish all my exams next Thursday I think I would actually have a break down	0
I actually might have to either walk or ride my sisters bike down to college tomorrow! exam	I actually might have to either walk or ride my sisters bike down to college tomorrow! exam	0
Dreading next week but then again least ill have all my assignments done! Just right now it sucks	Dreading next week but then again least ill have all my assignments done! Just right now it sucks	0
I want my mummy to hold me and tell me everything is going to be ok.	I want my mummy to hold me and tell me everything is going to be ok.	0
Everyday I leave school with a developed migraine from the one I had when I woke up	Everyday I leave school with a developed migraine from the one I had when I woke up	0
Not being able to sleep<;<; ive got too much on my mind and all i can think about is losing her	Not being able to sleep<;<; ive got too much on my mind and all i can think about is losing her	0
I am seriously a dumbass. I'm almost 19 and I still don't know what I wanna be when I grow up. nottheslightestclue crying	I am seriously a dumbass. I'm almost 19 and I still don't know what I wanna be when I grow up. nottheslightestclue crying	0
Make list. Slowly start getting things done. My night should be loads of fun. seniorproblems	Make list. Slowly start getting things done. My night should be loads of fun. seniorproblems	0
Still home from school sick gonna pay big time when i get back should be doing homework all weekend on the plane :( st	Still home from school sick gonna pay big time when i get back should be doing homework all weekend on the plane :( st	0
So stressed out about school! Praying I make it through these next two weeks! Come on May 9th!! tired	So stressed out about school! Praying I make it through these next two weeks! Come on May 9th!! tired	0
My 11:30am - 3:30pm class ended TODAY back to 11:30am - 5:30pm classes TOMORROW NoBreak  Stressed both mentally and physically	My 11:30am - 3:30pm class ended TODAY back to 11:30am - 5:30pm classes TOMORROW NoBreak  Stressed both mentally and physically	0
Worst part of starting a new job is quitting your old one still trying to figure out how to tell my boss I'm leaving	Worst part of starting a new job is quitting your old one still trying to figure out how to tell my boss I'm leaving	0
hurry up summer holiday and finish as everything is well expensive to do anything with th children,	hurry up summer holiday and finish as everything is well expensive to do anything with th children,	0
And it's a race to watch an entire season of on before millions of others to avoid spoilers.	And it's a race to watch an entire season of on before millions of others to avoid spoilers.	0
Lord, I need Your help. There's no way I can do this alone. Amen.	Lord, I need Your help. There's no way I can do this alone. Amen.	0
Can't believe it is almost Thanksgiving already! I have so much to do before I graduate in 3 weeks	Can't believe it is almost Thanksgiving already! I have so much to do before I graduate in 3 weeks	0
That moment when I feel very stressed yet I can't get anything accomplished I could use some serious help!! tired	That moment when I feel very stressed yet I can't get anything accomplished I could use some serious help!! tired	0
Greatnow I get terrible news of what happened to my brother..god. When will it all end?	Greatnow I get terrible news of what happened to my brother..god. When will it all end?	0
In REALLY fucking tired of being informed of new responsibilities at work via lecture, as if I've been doing it wrong and should have been doing it this way all along. Now I have to fight wanting to cry the rest of the day.	In REALLY fucking tired of being informed of new responsibilities at work via lecture, as if I've been doing it wrong and should have been doing it this way all along. Now I have to fight wanting to cry the rest of the day.	0
Weekend needs to hurry up, cant wait to get away from everything just for a few days	Weekend needs to hurry up, cant wait to get away from everything just for a few days	0
I just wanna go home and curl up in a ball and stay there all night..	I just wanna go home and curl up in a ball and stay there all night..	0
Can I just sleep a few days and get my life together before I go back to school?  " my thoughts exactly!!!!! :(	Can I just sleep a few days and get my life together before I go back to school?  " my thoughts exactly!!!!! :(	0
about getting car back from France, getting disabled mother to hospital for dentistry. Fed up with Nationwide UK.	about getting car back from France, getting disabled mother to hospital for dentistry. Fed up with Nationwide UK.	0
Im so confused and stressed. I just dont know what i want to do with my future anymore and that completely terrifies me.	Im so confused and stressed. I just dont know what i want to do with my future anymore and that completely terrifies me.	0
I am just really really really really really really really really really really really confused.	I am just really really really really really really really really really really really confused.	0
It really sucks when you have to claw your way to 40 hours of work a week in order to stay above water	It really sucks when you have to claw your way to 40 hours of work a week in order to stay above water	0
This night was a mix of too hot, too cold and nightmares. This is taking me to my limits. -.-	This night was a mix of too hot, too cold and nightmares. This is taking me to my limits. -.-	0
Man Mondays really make Friday seem so far away.. Already in need of the weekend.	Man Mondays really make Friday seem so far away.. Already in need of the weekend.	0
just realized I havent eaten all day oops Math homework? I suppose + gaga music<;3 bored drained Nosleep	just realized I havent eaten all day oops Math homework? I suppose + gaga music<;3 bored drained Nosleep	0
Chem, presidents, 100 terms, and some vocab. no, that was not a good morning. bored	Chem, presidents, 100 terms, and some vocab. no, that was not a good morning. bored	0
I have to graduate college next semester, and become a certified Notary and Small Business Specialist in the next few months  ..	I have to graduate college next semester, and become a certified Notary and Small Business Specialist in the next few months  ..	0
I am sooooo grumpy right now. Dev environment fucking up, being split so many ways Uuuugggggghhhhhh	I am sooooo grumpy right now. Dev environment fucking up, being split so many ways Uuuugggggghhhhhh	0
I really just miss the feeling of your comforting arms when things got tough. You were my bestfriend  roughweek	I really just miss the feeling of your comforting arms when things got tough. You were my bestfriend  roughweek	0
I have like one month to decide what college I want to go to, and what for. On top of that I'm moving back to maine.	I have like one month to decide what college I want to go to, and what for. On top of that I'm moving back to maine.	0
There's nothing a walk and a little John Mayer can't handle! pissed hating the world	There's nothing a walk and a little John Mayer can't handle! pissed hating the world	0
I've lost more weight from these stressful 2 weeks than I did from running every single day. crazy	I've lost more weight from these stressful 2 weeks than I did from running every single day. crazy	0
Why is it that when one thing starts to go wrong, everything else follows right on with it?	Why is it that when one thing starts to go wrong, everything else follows right on with it?	0
How am I supposed to focus worrying about her all day Not talking in 12 hours?	How am I supposed to focus worrying about her all day Not talking in 12 hours?	0
Sick off the pressure to get a good grade in maths gcse  stressed about it	Sick off the pressure to get a good grade in maths gcse  stressed about it	0
I always have the worst experiances ordering pizza. Never in my life will I order another damn pizza!!	I always have the worst experiances ordering pizza. Never in my life will I order another damn pizza!!	0
Don't know about anything or anyone anymore..  annoyed stupid ugh roughtimes dumbthing life LifeProblems overwhelmed	Don't know about anything or anyone anymore..  annoyed stupid ugh roughtimes dumbthing life LifeProblems overwhelmed	0
Sorry I haven't tweeted in a while. I have a loooot of sheet to do.	Sorry I haven't tweeted in a while. I have a loooot of sheet to do.	0
Calculus test friday and have I studied?? No! Because of organic chemistry! I can never win I swear. ihateschool	Calculus test friday and have I studied?? No! Because of organic chemistry! I can never win I swear. ihateschool	0
Wish I still stayed in PC , so i can go to house and pour my little heart out .!!!!	Wish I still stayed in PC , so i can go to house and pour my little heart out .!!!!	0
Also spent an extra hour and a half back at school to get some art done	Also spent an extra hour and a half back at school to get some art done	0
Completely drained after taking all these meds and being sick for 6 days needtostudy 2midterms	Completely drained after taking all these meds and being sick for 6 days needtostudy 2midterms	0
I swear all this stress got me goin crazy low-key,last night I stayed up till 3 talking to myself about where I'm going in life	I swear all this stress got me goin crazy low-key,last night I stayed up till 3 talking to myself about where I'm going in life	0
Taking a bath to de-stress before Habitat. Unfortunately, I can only think about what if the bath fell through the floor Neurotic	Taking a bath to de-stress before Habitat. Unfortunately, I can only think about what if the bath fell through the floor Neurotic	0
I wish I can say my life is where I wanted it to be but its not. I really need to push myself to get where I want to be.	I wish I can say my life is where I wanted it to be but its not. I really need to push myself to get where I want to be.	0
There is not enough hours in the day to complete all the cleaning and look after three kidsthey destroy everything	There is not enough hours in the day to complete all the cleaning and look after three kidsthey destroy everything	0
I just spent 15 minutes studying for a chem test, then i realized that test was today and I already took it oops	I just spent 15 minutes studying for a chem test, then i realized that test was today and I already took it oops	0
Fuck this whole plan I'm bout to build a different path smh people just don't know what they have until its gone	Fuck this whole plan I'm bout to build a different path smh people just don't know what they have until its gone	0
I'm being guilted by a cat mewing at me outside when I put my bin out, why isn't it at home it's too cold  I'm allergic	I'm being guilted by a cat mewing at me outside when I put my bin out, why isn't it at home it's too cold  I'm allergic	0
This has been a long week. I hope I pass the induction test tomorrow so that I don't have to worry about it later on.	This has been a long week. I hope I pass the induction test tomorrow so that I don't have to worry about it later on.	0
I just wanna cry myself to sleep and not get up for a couple of weeks.	I just wanna cry myself to sleep and not get up for a couple of weeks.	0
I just had to fail the only subject that could add a year on to my degree sotypical	I just had to fail the only subject that could add a year on to my degree sotypical	0
I am dreaming of a day where I am not stressing out about tests/school/work. miserable	I am dreaming of a day where I am not stressing out about tests/school/work. miserable	0
Transferred case taking me 2 days to work on. And trying to work with the money	Transferred case taking me 2 days to work on. And trying to work with the money	0
I need some Brianna time. annoyed Crazy kids NeedsPrayer NeedsWine Start screaming in to pillow now.	I need some Brianna time. annoyed Crazy kids NeedsPrayer NeedsWine Start screaming in to pillow now.	0
All I want to do is take a super hot bubble bath an blast Tswift	All I want to do is take a super hot bubble bath an blast Tswift	0
i cant even pick my courses for school cause there's seriously nothing that i can take. masseyproblems	i cant even pick my courses for school cause there's seriously nothing that i can take. masseyproblems	0
Feel like crying, no way am I guna get this work done :( only got myself to blame LeaveEverythingToTheLastMinute :-(	Feel like crying, no way am I guna get this work done :( only got myself to blame LeaveEverythingToTheLastMinute :-(	0
Really Getting sick of being short on money. I can't wait until these businesses take off	Really Getting sick of being short on money. I can't wait until these businesses take off	0
I hate when your dreams make you wake up with a heart that's beating too fucking fast ugh!	I hate when your dreams make you wake up with a heart that's beating too fucking fast ugh!	0
It's one of those nights where everything is crashing down and all I wanna do is cry.	It's one of those nights where everything is crashing down and all I wanna do is cry.	0
Spend half my time on essays finding author names, dates and where things are published than actual writing	Spend half my time on essays finding author names, dates and where things are published than actual writing	0
As the mama of a teenage daughter, I spend far too much time in bloody Primark! Knackered TooMuchShopping teenager	As the mama of a teenage daughter, I spend far too much time in bloody Primark! Knackered TooMuchShopping teenager	0
Every time I look at my phone I be hoping its you but im always wrong might as well turn the phone off.	Every time I look at my phone I be hoping its you but im always wrong might as well turn the phone off.	0
Never been in such a rush in my whole life, got an hour to get food and get from one work to the other	Never been in such a rush in my whole life, got an hour to get food and get from one work to the other	0
I got picked for a case in jury duty that starts Monday. Same week as STRESSED	I got picked for a case in jury duty that starts Monday. Same week as STRESSED	0
Can i just curl up in the back of the classroom and take a nap?:( collegekidprobs testday	Can i just curl up in the back of the classroom and take a nap?:( collegekidprobs testday	0
The fact that Pocahontas is on is slightly helping with the fact that I'm over thinking everything ever.	The fact that Pocahontas is on is slightly helping with the fact that I'm over thinking everything ever.	0
I just wana hop on a plane and get outta here for a few weeks/months Need a break	I just wana hop on a plane and get outta here for a few weeks/months Need a break	0
If I make it to December 14th without loosing my mind or getting sick it will be a miracle	If I make it to December 14th without loosing my mind or getting sick it will be a miracle	0
There are two types of people in this world, people who hate you, and people who really hate you	There are two types of people in this world, people who hate you, and people who really hate you	0
The set up is rather fucked up theres like 5 halls I can tell that a lot of people will get lost, including me.	The set up is rather fucked up theres like 5 halls I can tell that a lot of people will get lost, including me.	0
The Time Is Going So Fast, I Wish I Had Sumone To Ave A Drink N A Laugh With These Last Few Days I Have	The Time Is Going So Fast, I Wish I Had Sumone To Ave A Drink N A Laugh With These Last Few Days I Have	0
you know im overwhelmed when i forget the date of my bestfriend's birthday. 9th? 8th?	you know im overwhelmed when i forget the date of my bestfriend's birthday. 9th? 8th?	0
Calc test down. Now if I can get my English paper, music paper, bio test, and chem test done I'll be happiest girl in the world.	Calc test down. Now if I can get my English paper, music paper, bio test, and chem test done I'll be happiest girl in the world.	0
All I can do is toss and turn.. Way too much on my mind Especially here lately :( nosleep roughday headache	All I can do is toss and turn.. Way too much on my mind Especially here lately :( nosleep roughday headache	0
All this stress is killing me I can't keep doing all of this work school family problem everything is killing me emotionally!	All this stress is killing me I can't keep doing all of this work school family problem everything is killing me emotionally!	0
I feel physically sick after noting down what I have on/to do each day this week and next	I feel physically sick after noting down what I have on/to do each day this week and next	0
I seriously need town and there is no chance I'm going in this weather fuckoffrain	I seriously need town and there is no chance I'm going in this weather fuckoffrain	0
NASH fashion show is in like 2 months and I'm not even half way done with my dress	NASH fashion show is in like 2 months and I'm not even half way done with my dress	0
A very long moving day comes to an annoying end. Sadly my cars not healthy, luckily I'm buying a new one tomorrow	A very long moving day comes to an annoying end. Sadly my cars not healthy, luckily I'm buying a new one tomorrow	0
Just want all these daft prelims to be over and done with, absolutely hate history	Just want all these daft prelims to be over and done with, absolutely hate history	0
OMG anyone would think my husband is on death row tomorrow not going on holiday! stressed moody Get some cases	OMG anyone would think my husband is on death row tomorrow not going on holiday! stressed moody Get some cases	0
Its been a long n stressful day 4 me Lord knows I somtimes wonder how I due it or try atleast Lost Confused but still	Its been a long n stressful day 4 me Lord knows I somtimes wonder how I due it or try atleast Lost Confused but still	0
Just after applying my nail polish (so neatly may I add), mum decides to give me 100000 chores to do in an instant. Staaaaaaaap	Just after applying my nail polish (so neatly may I add), mum decides to give me 100000 chores to do in an instant. Staaaaaaaap	0
I lay I'm bed at 9 bc I'm exhaustedwhy can't I ever fall asleep before 10???	I lay I'm bed at 9 bc I'm exhaustedwhy can't I ever fall asleep before 10???	0
if they really have a choice to end or pursue this miserable life .. why should they insist on keeping it! messed_out	if they really have a choice to end or pursue this miserable life .. why should they insist on keeping it! messed_out	0
[Wrong!] stressed 3rdwheel ugly ignored those are all the things that happen when your the 3rdwheel	[Wrong!] stressed 3rdwheel ugly ignored those are all the things that happen when your the 3rdwheel	0
Felling blah, down, stressed. I sometimes wish I had girl friends to just have a pizza/romantic movies night with. Boo. sad	Felling blah, down, stressed. I sometimes wish I had girl friends to just have a pizza/romantic movies night with. Boo. sad	0
Studying for this social studies test is pointless. There's no way I'm gonna remember all this for the test.	Studying for this social studies test is pointless. There's no way I'm gonna remember all this for the test.	0
I hated that level too, I'm telling you now it hasn't a patch on 65.	I hated that level too, I'm telling you now it hasn't a patch on 65.	0
Cutting down essays is so difficult, remind me not to go over the word limit again.	Cutting down essays is so difficult, remind me not to go over the word limit again.	0
i am so with myself why do i always take up 10 hours of my life to finish just a simple two page long essay	i am so with myself why do i always take up 10 hours of my life to finish just a simple two page long essay	0
I guess midterms weren't enough so teachers decided to give me a test everyday this week	I guess midterms weren't enough so teachers decided to give me a test everyday this week	0
Having a horrible day. Headache, feeling dizzy didn't eat anything all day. Lately it seems like I'm on a coffee diet only	Having a horrible day. Headache, feeling dizzy didn't eat anything all day. Lately it seems like I'm on a coffee diet only	0
LAMINATE FLEERING IS A BASTARD TI KEEP CLEAN HOLY FUCK. NAE HOVERING THE FUCKER AGEN	LAMINATE FLEERING IS A BASTARD TI KEEP CLEAN HOLY FUCK. NAE HOVERING THE FUCKER AGEN	0
Super stressed, still haven't found an apartment and our lease is up in 19 days.	Super stressed, still haven't found an apartment and our lease is up in 19 days.	0
somehow managed to loose 300 songs switching music from the ancient computer to my laptop	somehow managed to loose 300 songs switching music from the ancient computer to my laptop	0
Why is life so hard? Why is it impossible to please everyone? Why cant i have a break?	Why is life so hard? Why is it impossible to please everyone? Why cant i have a break?	0
The way my arm is in so much pain today. :( I have jobs apps to finish, an article to redraft and videos to edit.	The way my arm is in so much pain today. :( I have jobs apps to finish, an article to redraft and videos to edit.	0
Having horrible ankle probs. no clue why. Feeling like if I step wrong ill snap it in half.	Having horrible ankle probs. no clue why. Feeling like if I step wrong ill snap it in half.	0
Today has been a very very bad day for me. I just want to cry! pissedtfoff	Today has been a very very bad day for me. I just want to cry! pissedtfoff	0
Cba with uni today. Just wanna stay in bed and sleep. I know I was exhausted when I didn't make it under my duvet	Cba with uni today. Just wanna stay in bed and sleep. I know I was exhausted when I didn't make it under my duvet	0
little zanex, weed, a shot and my e-cig at home beats getting drunk at a bar over hopefully nothing FF np	little zanex, weed, a shot and my e-cig at home beats getting drunk at a bar over hopefully nothing FF np	0
Rp tomorrow, test Tuesday, two tests and a paper due Wednesday. Can it be Thursday yet?	Rp tomorrow, test Tuesday, two tests and a paper due Wednesday. Can it be Thursday yet?	0
Speeches are gonna be the death of me, I have no time to study for history :/	Speeches are gonna be the death of me, I have no time to study for history :/	0
This is stupid, got lost on way bak now and then attacked by football mobs, then sum1 decided to try at run me off the road	This is stupid, got lost on way bak now and then attacked by football mobs, then sum1 decided to try at run me off the road	0
I cringe at the thought of having surgery. Sadly, I'm realizing it has to be done. Stressed	I cringe at the thought of having surgery. Sadly, I'm realizing it has to be done. Stressed	0
I'm prepared to spend every lunch in the library to catch up on everything I didn't do this weekend	I'm prepared to spend every lunch in the library to catch up on everything I didn't do this weekend	0
Missed greys and glee didn't get my work done and my togas still not finished Not a good night	Missed greys and glee didn't get my work done and my togas still not finished Not a good night	0
everythings due thursday, but im handing in all my work tomorrow because i dont wanna come to school thursday.	everythings due thursday, but im handing in all my work tomorrow because i dont wanna come to school thursday.	0
my mind is telling me to do bad things to myself :( i am on 40mg of citalopram and my mind is fucked mentalhealth depressed	my mind is telling me to do bad things to myself :( i am on 40mg of citalopram and my mind is fucked mentalhealth depressed	0
And the boiler keeps coming on randomly so I have to get up every night to turn it off needmoresleep	And the boiler keeps coming on randomly so I have to get up every night to turn it off needmoresleep	0
Poor day for football..being my only salvationnow onto 4 weeks of transfer tests.. nerves goodluckrob	Poor day for football..being my only salvationnow onto 4 weeks of transfer tests.. nerves goodluckrob	0
3hrs sleep last night.. How did I manage a days wrk?? Hope I sleep tonight!! tired	3hrs sleep last night.. How did I manage a days wrk?? Hope I sleep tonight!! tired	0
Having a bad day at work :( just wanna leave and go to my dads.. ugh	Having a bad day at work :( just wanna leave and go to my dads.. ugh	0
Really need to stop letting others destroy my inner peace. This week off jiujitsu has been hard.	Really need to stop letting others destroy my inner peace. This week off jiujitsu has been hard.	0
I'm not in the mood to deal with anyone whose going to be ignorant today. StraightPunchInTheFace Sick Tired	I'm not in the mood to deal with anyone whose going to be ignorant today. StraightPunchInTheFace Sick Tired	0
Half hour before I leave to go to match its not a good time to lose my season ticket !	Half hour before I leave to go to match its not a good time to lose my season ticket !	0
Nothing like leaving work crying.has to be one of the worst weeks I have had in forever! I hear a stiff drink calling my name!	Nothing like leaving work crying.has to be one of the worst weeks I have had in forever! I hear a stiff drink calling my name!	0
I hate driving to Huntington, like why do I have to go help my boyfriend move into his apartment?	I hate driving to Huntington, like why do I have to go help my boyfriend move into his apartment?	0
It's sad when the only thing I look forward to everyday is my workout!	It's sad when the only thing I look forward to everyday is my workout!	0
Haven't been to school in 2 weeks, tomorrows going to be rough. school track acro .	Haven't been to school in 2 weeks, tomorrows going to be rough. school track acro .	0
One exam down, 3 to go. Don't know why I put myself through the stress of an extra class! rockieerror uni	One exam down, 3 to go. Don't know why I put myself through the stress of an extra class! rockieerror uni	0
so thankful i chose sleep and studying over work, still going to be a long day though	so thankful i chose sleep and studying over work, still going to be a long day though	0
Found my iPod which had been missing for the last 6months but now Im missing my camera :( Will actually cry if that doesnt turn up	Found my iPod which had been missing for the last 6months but now Im missing my camera :( Will actually cry if that doesnt turn up	0
so everyone else in the class gets to do this 200 point assignment in pairs.. except me. sweet. annoyed	so everyone else in the class gets to do this 200 point assignment in pairs.. except me. sweet. annoyed	0
If you don't answer your emails, and you are never there for your "office hours" I already hate you as a professor	If you don't answer your emails, and you are never there for your "office hours" I already hate you as a professor	0
I seriously have so much homework and I've only been to one class. I have a an essay and 8 questions out the book for US. WTF	I seriously have so much homework and I've only been to one class. I have a an essay and 8 questions out the book for US. WTF	0
If I feel like I did bad on this test tomorrow I'm checking out for an extra long weekend! holiday screwmath	If I feel like I did bad on this test tomorrow I'm checking out for an extra long weekend! holiday screwmath	0
This month is so up and down. Some good news followed by the worst news. Onto the bad again..	This month is so up and down. Some good news followed by the worst news. Onto the bad again..	0
Maaan. Mcguckin can't even teach Seriously, taking up 2 problems from the lesson doesn't clear up everything..	Maaan. Mcguckin can't even teach Seriously, taking up 2 problems from the lesson doesn't clear up everything..	0
Crying is not something I do often, but these past few days its all I have been doing	Crying is not something I do often, but these past few days its all I have been doing	0
Huh I'm in need ov some loud but I quit so yea Annoyed Mad Tired	Huh I'm in need ov some loud but I quit so yea Annoyed Mad Tired	0
So I'm a terrible human, the tooth fairy forgot to come to his bedroom last night. Although he didn't put it under his pillow. Quick ninja moves meant I could leave money downstairs but pretty sure I accidentally threw the tooth wrapped in kitchen roll out yesterday	So I'm a terrible human, the tooth fairy forgot to come to his bedroom last night. Although he didn't put it under his pillow. Quick ninja moves meant I could leave money downstairs but pretty sure I accidentally threw the tooth wrapped in kitchen roll out yesterday	0
A tiny SnoCaps almost went down the wrong pipe right after reviewing ForeignBodyAspiration. -__- smartone wantmorechocolate	A tiny SnoCaps almost went down the wrong pipe right after reviewing ForeignBodyAspiration. -__- smartone wantmorechocolate	0
Is it bad for a teenage girl to share a bathroom with 3 grown men? I don't think so	Is it bad for a teenage girl to share a bathroom with 3 grown men? I don't think so	0
Really bummed I couldn't go to Cream bc I was still doing my hw and now I'm late to work. I haven't finished hw either	Really bummed I couldn't go to Cream bc I was still doing my hw and now I'm late to work. I haven't finished hw either	0
All this thinking I've been doing has got my mind tired Looks like I have some decisions to make..	All this thinking I've been doing has got my mind tired Looks like I have some decisions to make..	0
If I don't kill myself before this day gets over, I'll consider that a minor victory.	If I don't kill myself before this day gets over, I'll consider that a minor victory.	0
Can someone please tell me why it's so hard to get exposure or to get your name out there. What needs to happen? What's the criteria? Is there a way through the system I don't know about? Does anyone have any tips or ideas? I'm actually fucking about this.	Can someone please tell me why it's so hard to get exposure or to get your name out there. What needs to happen? What's the criteria? Is there a way through the system I don't know about? Does anyone have any tips or ideas? I'm actually fucking about this.	0
Slept for 4 hours and now I'm awake. My parents leave early in the AM  I'm sad to see them leave.	Slept for 4 hours and now I'm awake. My parents leave early in the AM  I'm sad to see them leave.	0
This is crazy. I feel like a lot of stuff is my fault too :\	This is crazy. I feel like a lot of stuff is my fault too :\	0
This year has been so terrible for me!! First my job got shut down, and now I've lost all medical insurance.	This year has been so terrible for me!! First my job got shut down, and now I've lost all medical insurance.	0
The only days I have to let something out and tell smenody, you aren't there to talk too. fml help	The only days I have to let something out and tell smenody, you aren't there to talk too. fml help	0
Are streamers allowed to have a bad week. Cause this is my bad week. Ready for a new week.	Are streamers allowed to have a bad week. Cause this is my bad week. Ready for a new week.	0
Not being able to talk to the one person you want to talk to really sucks	Not being able to talk to the one person you want to talk to really sucks	0
It sucks having to work when work is so slow and you have so much studying to do >;_<; :(	It sucks having to work when work is so slow and you have so much studying to do >;_<; :(	0
Can't believe I have coursework due in tomorrow and I still have loads to do :(	Can't believe I have coursework due in tomorrow and I still have loads to do :(	0
when it comes to the heart.. it hurts.. a lot.. I need to stop caring so much.. I keep getting played with.. sad	when it comes to the heart.. it hurts.. a lot.. I need to stop caring so much.. I keep getting played with.. sad	0
Getting ready to go to yoga, been a while, be lucky if I'm not crying by the end but hopefully I'll be less stressed and able to	Getting ready to go to yoga, been a while, be lucky if I'm not crying by the end but hopefully I'll be less stressed and able to	0
Hi. I graduate college in two weeks, and I have two jobs. My brain is about to explode. tired BUT ITS WORTH IT.	Hi. I graduate college in two weeks, and I have two jobs. My brain is about to explode. tired BUT ITS WORTH IT.	0
You know what I really hate right now? MY BUSY ASS LIFE. its just to much	You know what I really hate right now? MY BUSY ASS LIFE. its just to much	0
I see a long run in my futureneed some meditation on two feet. running meditation	I see a long run in my futureneed some meditation on two feet. running meditation	0
The last week before a break is always the most hectic and horrible thing.	The last week before a break is always the most hectic and horrible thing.	0
Everyone should work for the public at least for a day! Then they would understand. firstofthemonth	Everyone should work for the public at least for a day! Then they would understand. firstofthemonth	0
Haaay. I don't want to sleep late again. Haay. Hopefully, this would be my last :(	Haaay. I don't want to sleep late again. Haay. Hopefully, this would be my last :(	0
It's hard to be a vet when your own pet is sick. I forget all 21 years of knowledge and become a blubbering parent.	It's hard to be a vet when your own pet is sick. I forget all 21 years of knowledge and become a blubbering parent.	0
Another night of not falling asleep till 2 hrs before I had to wake up. exhausted	Another night of not falling asleep till 2 hrs before I had to wake up. exhausted	0
All this coursework, homework and these work shifts can seriously do one, just too draining and nothing I can do about it :/	All this coursework, homework and these work shifts can seriously do one, just too draining and nothing I can do about it :/	0
I've been working on homework since 4:00 and it is almost midnight and I am STILL not done. Fuck everything I am going to bed.	I've been working on homework since 4:00 and it is almost midnight and I am STILL not done. Fuck everything I am going to bed.	0
I just need a 2 hour long hug and for someone to tell me it's all gonna be okay	I just need a 2 hour long hug and for someone to tell me it's all gonna be okay	0
someone jumped off a railway bridge on the lines between preston and Lancaster. So the trains were cancelled :(	someone jumped off a railway bridge on the lines between preston and Lancaster. So the trains were cancelled :(	0
The past 2 nights I looked into the mirror it looks like I popped a different tiny blood vessel in my eye	The past 2 nights I looked into the mirror it looks like I popped a different tiny blood vessel in my eye	0
Can someone please respond to one of my emails,dms sent on various social media platforms due to pay balance tomorrow and want some advice help to move holiday but getting no where	Can someone please respond to one of my emails,dms sent on various social media platforms due to pay balance tomorrow and want some advice help to move holiday but getting no where	0
According to my doctor I'm dehydrated sleepdeprived and . Seriously though, I could have told you that myself.	According to my doctor I'm dehydrated sleepdeprived and . Seriously though, I could have told you that myself.	0
I literally don't know how I'm gonna pay for everything coming up this month :(	I literally don't know how I'm gonna pay for everything coming up this month :(	0
In need of a holiday! I'm not fussy as to where just as long as its out of this country	In need of a holiday! I'm not fussy as to where just as long as its out of this country	0
Played parenting levelexpert today. Toddler and baby BOTH have terrible wintercolds. Sometimes life feels very challenging!	Played parenting levelexpert today. Toddler and baby BOTH have terrible wintercolds. Sometimes life feels very challenging!	0
I have so much to do in the next two weeks.Stressed Busy Work School SeniorStuff ACT Prom	I have so much to do in the next two weeks.Stressed Busy Work School SeniorStuff ACT Prom	0
Had a twisted, horror dream last night. Not a nightmare as I wasn't the being tortured. Wonder what my dreams will be tonight?	Had a twisted, horror dream last night. Not a nightmare as I wasn't the being tortured. Wonder what my dreams will be tonight?	0
I know I do better when I don't cram the night before.. But I do it anyways.. :(	I know I do better when I don't cram the night before.. But I do it anyways.. :(	0
Just needed a little break from day but feel even more frustrated now brownsplainsrealestate golf drivingrange realestate frustrating @ Oxley Driving Range	Just needed a little break from day but feel even more frustrated now brownsplainsrealestate golf drivingrange realestate frustrating @ Oxley Driving Range	0
Mind 101 - Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice ego mindhealth	Mind 101 - Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice ego mindhealth	0
Love it when my family and friends walk away when I need them the most	Love it when my family and friends walk away when I need them the most	0
Thinking if I don't know it now I'm not going to by tmrw morning givingup tired	Thinking if I don't know it now I'm not going to by tmrw morning givingup tired	0
Can't find my little bag with all my lipstick, lipgloss and lipchap in it. Ahh.	Can't find my little bag with all my lipstick, lipgloss and lipchap in it. Ahh.	0
This day has gone from bad to worse annoyed frustrated ergh I need a massive chocolate bar	This day has gone from bad to worse annoyed frustrated ergh I need a massive chocolate bar	0
EA I need your help it is impossible to do the Meiji yasuda j1 sbc and for albirex Niigata team as they dont have the players you need anymore to get both chem and star ratting. So I have wasted time and coins atm.	EA I need your help it is impossible to do the Meiji yasuda j1 sbc and for albirex Niigata team as they dont have the players you need anymore to get both chem and star ratting. So I have wasted time and coins atm.	0
As usual, the second I slow down, my body gives in and I get sick.	As usual, the second I slow down, my body gives in and I get sick.	0
Having one of those days when I know I'm just gunna break down any minute	Having one of those days when I know I'm just gunna break down any minute	0
Upset? Tired? ? Remember to BREATHE. Simply focusing on your breath allows your body to let go of tension and	Upset? Tired? ? Remember to BREATHE. Simply focusing on your breath allows your body to let go of tension and	0
No of course Ive got time to do a level 2 qualification at the same time as doing my degree!  annoyed	No of course Ive got time to do a level 2 qualification at the same time as doing my degree!  annoyed	0
Being an adult is extremely hard when youre on horrible health insurance that doesnt accept your neurologist, surgeon and pain management doctor. Stressed gonna listen tos music and try to destress before I have a full blown anxiety attack.	Being an adult is extremely hard when youre on horrible health insurance that doesnt accept your neurologist, surgeon and pain management doctor. Stressed gonna listen tos music and try to destress before I have a full blown anxiety attack.	0
Going to chill wit my buddy tonight, hope can help with this project that's due tomorrow!	Going to chill wit my buddy tonight, hope can help with this project that's due tomorrow!	0
NVQ work sucks asssssss especially when youre so behind and got to work in 2 hours	NVQ work sucks asssssss especially when youre so behind and got to work in 2 hours	0
Three days until cha2013. Last day in the office, making sure everything is in order.	Three days until cha2013. Last day in the office, making sure everything is in order.	0
tomorrow ill be leaving for Nottingham I cant wait but im stressing out a bit	tomorrow ill be leaving for Nottingham I cant wait but im stressing out a bit	0
I'm exhausted and just thinking about everything I have to do makes it that much worse.	I'm exhausted and just thinking about everything I have to do makes it that much worse.	0
Just when I thought id done all my annotating and summarising,I find another one!!!! bored stressed	Just when I thought id done all my annotating and summarising,I find another one!!!! bored stressed	0
All the liquor stores are closed! Im still writing papers and I need a dude to come through wit a bottle!	All the liquor stores are closed! Im still writing papers and I need a dude to come through wit a bottle!	0
Stuck between a rock and a hard place yet again.can this week just be over!	Stuck between a rock and a hard place yet again.can this week just be over!	0
Wish you saw things the way I did. Then maybe you'd understand why I'm doing what I am. thinking	Wish you saw things the way I did. Then maybe you'd understand why I'm doing what I am. thinking	0
So I have 5 days to come up with $175 or I'm going to not only be jobless but be homeless and jobless. Ugh!	So I have 5 days to come up with $175 or I'm going to not only be jobless but be homeless and jobless. Ugh!	0
But why is getting a group of 4 players together in GTA5 so damn difficult? mondays Im not even high anymore.	But why is getting a group of 4 players together in GTA5 so damn difficult? mondays Im not even high anymore.	0
Oh gosh fuck me. Im so stressed cause Im still not through the security check while I was supposed to be through at 8:50am lateforplane planeislateaswell	Oh gosh fuck me. Im so stressed cause Im still not through the security check while I was supposed to be through at 8:50am lateforplane planeislateaswell	0
Can a 21 year old get a stress ulcer. and if so, is it super bad?	Can a 21 year old get a stress ulcer. and if so, is it super bad?	0
What I wouldn't do to be back in bed with 37282 blankets and a hot chocolate	What I wouldn't do to be back in bed with 37282 blankets and a hot chocolate	0
It's weird how when I'm stressed out to the MAX I either cry,clean and break out in hives weirdo	It's weird how when I'm stressed out to the MAX I either cry,clean and break out in hives weirdo	0
When my bro tells my 4 year old cousin he ate chicken pizza LOOLL PricelessFace Stressed CoveringHisFace hahahahahahahaha	When my bro tells my 4 year old cousin he ate chicken pizza LOOLL PricelessFace Stressed CoveringHisFace hahahahahahahaha	0
I want to spend time with my boyfriend for once, not him and all his friends. Just him. Is that too much to ask?	I want to spend time with my boyfriend for once, not him and all his friends. Just him. Is that too much to ask?	0
Kevin Bacon really pisses me off on The Following. Why the hell do u continuously run of I have a bad heart and can't keep up.	Kevin Bacon really pisses me off on The Following. Why the hell do u continuously run of I have a bad heart and can't keep up.	0
I need a clone .. Just not enough hours in a day lately to get everything done!	I need a clone .. Just not enough hours in a day lately to get everything done!	0
Wish the weather was bad this weekend then i would have done alot of study and not have been so chilled out .	Wish the weather was bad this weekend then i would have done alot of study and not have been so chilled out .	0
Don't you hate it when you buy a bag of air and chips come inside	Don't you hate it when you buy a bag of air and chips come inside	0
3 pages are due tomorrow and so far I have 1 1/2 page I can do this	3 pages are due tomorrow and so far I have 1 1/2 page I can do this	0
i realized how tense i ami guess im a little gotta get out of this :/	i realized how tense i ami guess im a little gotta get out of this :/	0
That moment when yu try to talk to the sexiest girl. AND SHE IS GAY Wtf fml NoHopeSam FineButGay	That moment when yu try to talk to the sexiest girl. AND SHE IS GAY Wtf fml NoHopeSam FineButGay	0
I either just wanna grow up or go back to when everything wasn't so serious	I either just wanna grow up or go back to when everything wasn't so serious	0
Don't feel like I know enough to sit this chemistry exam tomorrow and pass it	Don't feel like I know enough to sit this chemistry exam tomorrow and pass it	0
Feelin like a good run to clear up my mind is perfect for right now	Feelin like a good run to clear up my mind is perfect for right now	0
This episode of Game of Thrones is stressing me out more than finals collectively throughout my life. GameOfThrones CookiesAreNotHelpingMyEmotions crying MoreStressed	This episode of Game of Thrones is stressing me out more than finals collectively throughout my life. GameOfThrones CookiesAreNotHelpingMyEmotions crying MoreStressed	0
I want this year to be over with already, I'm tired and this isn't even dissertation year..!	I want this year to be over with already, I'm tired and this isn't even dissertation year..!	0
Out? Sometimes a new perspective can change your life See our Stress audio program info	Out? Sometimes a new perspective can change your life See our Stress audio program info	0
I'm getting so stressed about exams yet I'm not working as hard as I could :( alevels exams revision	I'm getting so stressed about exams yet I'm not working as hard as I could :( alevels exams revision	0
One reason why I don't like livin in a small town..hard to find a job annoyed	One reason why I don't like livin in a small town..hard to find a job annoyed	0
please please help! The backlog is still hindering visas applied for 13 days ago. My family will loose their flights!!	please please help! The backlog is still hindering visas applied for 13 days ago. My family will loose their flights!!	0
Fred's psychoanalytic theory is psychodynamic but the psychodynamic theories of others are not psychoanalytic- just what the fuck	Fred's psychoanalytic theory is psychodynamic but the psychodynamic theories of others are not psychoanalytic- just what the fuck	0
Of course I would have an infected red eye the day before a very crucial presentation. Radhikaproblems Horribletiming	Of course I would have an infected red eye the day before a very crucial presentation. Radhikaproblems Horribletiming	0
These next 10 days are going to be the worst 10 days Ive had in a very very long time	These next 10 days are going to be the worst 10 days Ive had in a very very long time	0
Why can't I be in Florida like seriously why do I deserve go sit at home and see everyone tweet about it. crying stre	Why can't I be in Florida like seriously why do I deserve go sit at home and see everyone tweet about it. crying stre	0
I have a 10 page paper that's not even close to being done due tomorrow, and I work until close tonight	I have a 10 page paper that's not even close to being done due tomorrow, and I work until close tonight	0
not funny girls i decided after that i was going to pour another glass of wine and watch gossip girl	not funny girls i decided after that i was going to pour another glass of wine and watch gossip girl	0
with the amount of work i have these next 2 weeks, i average about one breathe every hour	with the amount of work i have these next 2 weeks, i average about one breathe every hour	0
Ive never wanted to quit a job on the spot sooo bad in my life I really hope the new job offer calls me back this week!	Ive never wanted to quit a job on the spot sooo bad in my life I really hope the new job offer calls me back this week!	0
I cannot express how annoyed I am at my nose how is it all of a sudden blocked? I've had it pierced for 7 months!	I cannot express how annoyed I am at my nose how is it all of a sudden blocked? I've had it pierced for 7 months!	0
iam so disgusted this morning why do you chap my Airtime without my notice its been happenin for a month	iam so disgusted this morning why do you chap my Airtime without my notice its been happenin for a month	0
PSA: it is not okay to call an office phone, be upset over something no one has control over, scream at the person, and when you dont like the answer they give you, to call them a worthless little c*nt it is rude, disgusting, and unnecessary behavior.	PSA: it is not okay to call an office phone, be upset over something no one has control over, scream at the person, and when you dont like the answer they give you, to call them a worthless little c*nt it is rude, disgusting, and unnecessary behavior.	0
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you learn your group presentation is due TOMORROW, NOT next week Monday clusters FinalCountdown" Via	ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you learn your group presentation is due TOMORROW, NOT next week Monday clusters FinalCountdown" Via	0
Blimey Hill reps made me sick tonight and come home for some rest and TheMissing makes me want to be in that state again.	Blimey Hill reps made me sick tonight and come home for some rest and TheMissing makes me want to be in that state again.	0
Sick cat Has me sick. angry After spending $$$$$$$$ to solve house water problem I think ME A girl found the cause beyond belief.	Sick cat Has me sick. angry After spending $$$$$$$$ to solve house water problem I think ME A girl found the cause beyond belief.	0
Alright, its official. Im the problem. I get it. Im sorry i cant be perfect.	Alright, its official. Im the problem. I get it. Im sorry i cant be perfect.	0
I need a machine that sucks out all of the unnecessary thoughts from my brain. And put back in what's really relevant. stressed	I need a machine that sucks out all of the unnecessary thoughts from my brain. And put back in what's really relevant. stressed	0
starting to think I should of started this american history project a long time ago.	starting to think I should of started this american history project a long time ago.	0
I hate Having to spell words you can't even pronounce on the test biomajorprobs gonnafail	I hate Having to spell words you can't even pronounce on the test biomajorprobs gonnafail	0
That feeling you get when the last tie to him is so close to being cut <;3 <;3	That feeling you get when the last tie to him is so close to being cut <;3 <;3	0
Just been told I've got to do a 1000 word essay for my portfolio, just when I thought I'd finished!!!  wtf	Just been told I've got to do a 1000 word essay for my portfolio, just when I thought I'd finished!!!  wtf	0
Must be nice not happening to sorry about money. I'm so tired of being broke! broke fml money problems	Must be nice not happening to sorry about money. I'm so tired of being broke! broke fml money problems	0
The one thing I hate about this job is not having time to do anything. .	The one thing I hate about this job is not having time to do anything. .	0
What if they realized that the trophies they got were from a bad mean? What would happen then? How would they handle the issues?	What if they realized that the trophies they got were from a bad mean? What would happen then? How would they handle the issues?	0
Ok so sometimes i hate how twitter limits the amout of letters u post. Like sometimes i may wanna rant But just CANT. urgh.	Ok so sometimes i hate how twitter limits the amout of letters u post. Like sometimes i may wanna rant But just CANT. urgh.	0
Uploading a vine of Selena Gomez's Stars Dance but I can't choose which version of the song to upload! Urrrrrgghhhh! frustrated	Uploading a vine of Selena Gomez's Stars Dance but I can't choose which version of the song to upload! Urrrrrgghhhh! frustrated	0
I hate when you can't pick what to wear and you only have 20 mins to get dressed decisions frustrated	I hate when you can't pick what to wear and you only have 20 mins to get dressed decisions frustrated	0
was tested by my doctor to see if i have an overactive thyroid. i don't, but i feel like i do, b/c i have anxiety like crazy. :(	was tested by my doctor to see if i have an overactive thyroid. i don't, but i feel like i do, b/c i have anxiety like crazy. :(	0
I've been painting the living room all bloody morningHalf the paint ended up over me! Me and painting do not mix, Far too messy	I've been painting the living room all bloody morningHalf the paint ended up over me! Me and painting do not mix, Far too messy	0
Talk about being stressed out the last day of the year. I work hard only for my check to be short well rent is not getting paid this week	Talk about being stressed out the last day of the year. I work hard only for my check to be short well rent is not getting paid this week	0
Absolutely dead tired, been lying in bed for an hour and I can't fall asleep cuz my mind is racing	Absolutely dead tired, been lying in bed for an hour and I can't fall asleep cuz my mind is racing	0
they have NONE of my textbooks. So now Im stuck hoping my books come today.	they have NONE of my textbooks. So now Im stuck hoping my books come today.	0
I'm going to be gone for awhile be back in a few days turning everyone off for a few days DeepThinking Life SoDone	I'm going to be gone for awhile be back in a few days turning everyone off for a few days DeepThinking Life SoDone	0
I'm almost ready for my move on the 13th. Just a few touches for packing/cleaning and a monkey ton of social obligations.	I'm almost ready for my move on the 13th. Just a few touches for packing/cleaning and a monkey ton of social obligations.	0
ANDDDDDDDD iv had to shell out 30 to pay off my library debts so i can take this fucking book out. notmyday	ANDDDDDDDD iv had to shell out 30 to pay off my library debts so i can take this fucking book out. notmyday	0
I'm going to fail this algebra quiz tomorrow, no doubt about it. I'm so confused.  notgood	I'm going to fail this algebra quiz tomorrow, no doubt about it. I'm so confused.  notgood	0
You know you're in a bad mood when 3 people tell you to cheer up!!	You know you're in a bad mood when 3 people tell you to cheer up!!	0
Who knew belting out I found you solo can help relieve stress Feeling better now after my crap day in school	Who knew belting out I found you solo can help relieve stress Feeling better now after my crap day in school	0
What a dreadful day, bit like every other working day this week. Things should get better one way or another.	What a dreadful day, bit like every other working day this week. Things should get better one way or another.	0
Have the feeling I'll be crying myself to sleep tonight, only joking can't fucking sleep in the first place	Have the feeling I'll be crying myself to sleep tonight, only joking can't fucking sleep in the first place	0
Permanent headaches all day everyday from this dissertation Prob taken few years off my life!	Permanent headaches all day everyday from this dissertation Prob taken few years off my life!	0
Im going to away from home for a couple of days and just realized l forgot my computer and IPad. l feel like l left a child behind.  Guess l wont be amwriting	Im going to away from home for a couple of days and just realized l forgot my computer and IPad. l feel like l left a child behind.  Guess l wont be amwriting	0
Watching SuperTed because I want to listen to Jon Pertwee and don't have the focus for DoctorWho tonight. exhausted	Watching SuperTed because I want to listen to Jon Pertwee and don't have the focus for DoctorWho tonight. exhausted	0
I have a love hate relationship with fondant and cake, especially in hawaii with its ugly humidity	I have a love hate relationship with fondant and cake, especially in hawaii with its ugly humidity	0
Studying for Freeman's test will probably be the death of me.. Because everyone said it was so hard.	Studying for Freeman's test will probably be the death of me.. Because everyone said it was so hard.	0
Talk to ur buddies thy myt help" : Itz not easy " : Realise stress seo" : Ke tlalelane too much,	Talk to ur buddies thy myt help" : Itz not easy " : Realise stress seo" : Ke tlalelane too much,	0
If I knew I was gunna be up so late I would have at least studied. nosleepagain seizeonbitches	If I knew I was gunna be up so late I would have at least studied. nosleepagain seizeonbitches	0
Left the house 9am to do black Friday shopping and all I bought so far was a bottle of cologne and a pair of kicks. imfuckingdone	Left the house 9am to do black Friday shopping and all I bought so far was a bottle of cologne and a pair of kicks. imfuckingdone	0
If only this chem exam would just finish itself my life would be that more simple.	If only this chem exam would just finish itself my life would be that more simple.	0
Shitting it about my biology exam later today!!! :( only positive.. Last biology stuff ever! I hope.. If I get the grades! Ahhh	Shitting it about my biology exam later today!!! :( only positive.. Last biology stuff ever! I hope.. If I get the grades! Ahhh	0
Very much looking forward to getting drunk in a couple of hours now with! After the day I've had so far	Very much looking forward to getting drunk in a couple of hours now with! After the day I've had so far	0
I need to hurry and get away, can't wait to leave all this Bs in London behind	I need to hurry and get away, can't wait to leave all this Bs in London behind	0
The one day that I have a million things to do for school, I have zero motivation. :(	The one day that I have a million things to do for school, I have zero motivation. :(	0
Finally finished my paper but feel as though it might be the worst thing ever written	Finally finished my paper but feel as though it might be the worst thing ever written	0
2013 has turned out to be one of the worst years ever and there's still five months left. I can't take it.	2013 has turned out to be one of the worst years ever and there's still five months left. I can't take it.	0
I woke up too a fucked up thought/dream and now my day will be spent on this couch." storyofmylife	I woke up too a fucked up thought/dream and now my day will be spent on this couch." storyofmylife	0
This shouldn't be eating me up so much.I mean I'm the one who has the part who cares what would have happened.yet again.	This shouldn't be eating me up so much.I mean I'm the one who has the part who cares what would have happened.yet again.	0
I'm stopping things here for myself and others and I'm sad my baby is sick	I'm stopping things here for myself and others and I'm sad my baby is sick	0
Can't wait to go out Sunday and it's only Monday! Need to have a drink, get all dressed up and let my hair down	Can't wait to go out Sunday and it's only Monday! Need to have a drink, get all dressed up and let my hair down	0
Ugh im out at 12 ! I thought I was out at 11 ! Wtf man .. whatever makingmoney gottagetthecarontheroadagain struggling ughfml	Ugh im out at 12 ! I thought I was out at 11 ! Wtf man .. whatever makingmoney gottagetthecarontheroadagain struggling ughfml	0
Can school just be closed so I don't have to do this English paper? Please? FuckSchool	Can school just be closed so I don't have to do this English paper? Please? FuckSchool	0
Two big presentations in a day! I hope I don't mess up and talk abt wolves in biotech class and fuels in ecology class! thatwouldsuck	Two big presentations in a day! I hope I don't mess up and talk abt wolves in biotech class and fuels in ecology class! thatwouldsuck	0
I'm so over all this bad. Can something please go right for me for more than a couple days??	I'm so over all this bad. Can something please go right for me for more than a couple days??	0
need feel better and have my voice back by Thursday is that too much to ask?!	need feel better and have my voice back by Thursday is that too much to ask?!	0
hate it when I can be a stroppy cow .. I don't mean to be tired	hate it when I can be a stroppy cow .. I don't mean to be tired	0
I need to sit down and color or write to relieve this stress.. hellokitty crayons paper	I need to sit down and color or write to relieve this stress.. hellokitty crayons paper	0
Well my 3 presentations I have to do and test to study for this week just got alittle harder to do	Well my 3 presentations I have to do and test to study for this week just got alittle harder to do	0
accepting the fact that i might fail my sociology exam? or maybe like all of them? ohwell	accepting the fact that i might fail my sociology exam? or maybe like all of them? ohwell	0
I am so tired of, Russia, Putin, Ukraine, ImpeachmentHearing, supposed indictments, fake news, hoax anything, etc Can we just go back in time and STOP Trump from being elected? anxiety	I am so tired of, Russia, Putin, Ukraine, ImpeachmentHearing, supposed indictments, fake news, hoax anything, etc Can we just go back in time and STOP Trump from being elected? anxiety	0
Wish someone would just tell me what I need to do with my life I can't decide on my own	Wish someone would just tell me what I need to do with my life I can't decide on my own	0
Can someone push me down the stairs so i dont have to take my AP test ?	Can someone push me down the stairs so i dont have to take my AP test ?	0
i guess ill go studyy and do all this work + read a book for this damn project	i guess ill go studyy and do all this work + read a book for this damn project	0
The past like 2 weeks has just been a crazy, confusing, awk situation. Like just everything. Lol ineedab	The past like 2 weeks has just been a crazy, confusing, awk situation. Like just everything. Lol ineedab	0
if it wasn't for Revenge and Once Upon a Time Sundays would be the worst day of the week	if it wasn't for Revenge and Once Upon a Time Sundays would be the worst day of the week	0
Literally been doing homework all day. So when I went upstairs to ask if dinner was done, I said "is homework done yet?"..	Literally been doing homework all day. So when I went upstairs to ask if dinner was done, I said "is homework done yet?"..	0
That terrible feeling when you realize all the things you still have to do and you just wanna go to bed <;<;<;<; tired homework	That terrible feeling when you realize all the things you still have to do and you just wanna go to bed <;<;<;<; tired homework	0
I hate being torn between something that I wish I had and something that's in the past. Wish there was nothing	I hate being torn between something that I wish I had and something that's in the past. Wish there was nothing	0
So, I wake up with a cold sore the size of my cheek. Obviously tired and run down this past week. studentnurse	So, I wake up with a cold sore the size of my cheek. Obviously tired and run down this past week. studentnurse	0
Catching up on CBB I can't handle Dappy!! and Lee needs to get a grip!	Catching up on CBB I can't handle Dappy!! and Lee needs to get a grip!	0
I just need to stop and take a nap I can't do this paper for the life of me.	I just need to stop and take a nap I can't do this paper for the life of me.	0
Every builder that I give a job to continually cancels on me, it takes these ppl months to get round to doing a days workwhy?	Every builder that I give a job to continually cancels on me, it takes these ppl months to get round to doing a days workwhy?	0
So over this week. I hate school and all the work that comes with it.	So over this week. I hate school and all the work that comes with it.	0
The fact that my portfolio is due Wednesdays and I need to still do the whole thing	The fact that my portfolio is due Wednesdays and I need to still do the whole thing	0
Bitch said I want ya to watch while I suck the skin of his dick off.. Where did mTV found this girl	Bitch said I want ya to watch while I suck the skin of his dick off.. Where did mTV found this girl	0
I'm just so tired I feel like giving up on school its always something I never win	I'm just so tired I feel like giving up on school its always something I never win	0
It really annoys me how Prencis gives homework on the same day he gave a test annoyed	It really annoys me how Prencis gives homework on the same day he gave a test annoyed	0
I feel like a lot of big changes are going to be made in my life..	I feel like a lot of big changes are going to be made in my life..	0
Rough draft due on Tuesday :/ I just can't get off my phone to do any of it hahaha	Rough draft due on Tuesday :/ I just can't get off my phone to do any of it hahaha	0
so many clothes, absolutely nothing to wear - and I've got no time to go into town tomorrow and buy anything	so many clothes, absolutely nothing to wear - and I've got no time to go into town tomorrow and buy anything	0
Left 4 hours early, still missed my train by 3 minutes. Had to buy a whole new ticket :( screwyouDCtraffic	Left 4 hours early, still missed my train by 3 minutes. Had to buy a whole new ticket :( screwyouDCtraffic	0
The fact I will practically be in Cardiff tomorrow yet won't be able to watch the rugby is seriously depressing. filming	The fact I will practically be in Cardiff tomorrow yet won't be able to watch the rugby is seriously depressing. filming	0
Laying in bed over thinking things, I wish I could see a glimpse of the future confused  Amen	Laying in bed over thinking things, I wish I could see a glimpse of the future confused  Amen	0
Waiting to take a test for mrs hoard..counting down the days till Mexico 10days cantwait	Waiting to take a test for mrs hoard..counting down the days till Mexico 10days cantwait	0
So tired of being stressed out about everything I just wanna cry all the time and I bite everyones head off for any little thing!	So tired of being stressed out about everything I just wanna cry all the time and I bite everyones head off for any little thing!	0
I just wish I had help, but no. I have to do it on my own. Like always.	I just wish I had help, but no. I have to do it on my own. Like always.	0
I swear its hard to take people telling me I lost weight, as a compliment	I swear its hard to take people telling me I lost weight, as a compliment	0
how can I study here in marawi? I have a crazy recit tomorrow. grrr. sick and	how can I study here in marawi? I have a crazy recit tomorrow. grrr. sick and	0
Long day, tired and ? Try just taking a few minutes, make yourself a cup of chamomile tea! Add a little honey in it and enjoy	Long day, tired and ? Try just taking a few minutes, make yourself a cup of chamomile tea! Add a little honey in it and enjoy	0
These past four months have been extremely hard on my family. I don't understand why things happened the way they did.	These past four months have been extremely hard on my family. I don't understand why things happened the way they did.	0
Been going to sleep at 5am lets see if I can fall asleep early. Exam in the morning.. :/	Been going to sleep at 5am lets see if I can fall asleep early. Exam in the morning.. :/	0
If you think being a cashier is easy, especially at Dick's Sporting Goods, then you are WRONG!	If you think being a cashier is easy, especially at Dick's Sporting Goods, then you are WRONG!	0
I just want to go home today has been a horrible day! I need time to be with people I love	I just want to go home today has been a horrible day! I need time to be with people I love	0
I feel like an ant and school is a little kid with a squirt gun trying to drown me.	I feel like an ant and school is a little kid with a squirt gun trying to drown me.	0
getting STRESSEDabout my partyits onyl supposed to be a small thing.and im and no rsvp.maybe noones coming hahah	getting STRESSEDabout my partyits onyl supposed to be a small thing.and im and no rsvp.maybe noones coming hahah	0
Sick and my boss is still making me come to work. Plus I have a test and two papers due Thursday plus 3 games this week	Sick and my boss is still making me come to work. Plus I have a test and two papers due Thursday plus 3 games this week	0
I really HATE growing up. Why cant i go back to being 16 and careless?	I really HATE growing up. Why cant i go back to being 16 and careless?	0
Im So Glad Its Friday But I Got A Midterm Today And A Unit Test. I Just Wanna Pass. stressed eeeewtests :/	Im So Glad Its Friday But I Got A Midterm Today And A Unit Test. I Just Wanna Pass. stressed eeeewtests :/	0
Just wanna watch sad movies and cry all night. Just in that kinda mood. bestcrier	Just wanna watch sad movies and cry all night. Just in that kinda mood. bestcrier	0
Rant 2 : flying to Ontario in less than 3 days has my anxiety level through the damn roof .	Rant 2 : flying to Ontario in less than 3 days has my anxiety level through the damn roof .	0
I wish I could say "I'm fine" and mean it, but I can't. Because I'm not fine.	I wish I could say "I'm fine" and mean it, but I can't. Because I'm not fine.	0
C2 maths is so hard just did a past paper could only do like 2 questions, you wouldn't think my exams next week	C2 maths is so hard just did a past paper could only do like 2 questions, you wouldn't think my exams next week	0
Saturday's are such a drag here at the hotel. Can't do my work till 3am due to weekly maintenance, and everything gets compressed because of it.	Saturday's are such a drag here at the hotel. Can't do my work till 3am due to weekly maintenance, and everything gets compressed because of it.	0
I hate stupid people. They piss me off so fucken much. God send me the straight to deal with them. annoyed upset	I hate stupid people. They piss me off so fucken much. God send me the straight to deal with them. annoyed upset	0
i dk if i'm 2 crazy or 2 sane antinatalism Vegan mentalillness depression OCD AnimalCruelty anxiety	i dk if i'm 2 crazy or 2 sane antinatalism Vegan mentalillness depression OCD AnimalCruelty anxiety	0
2019 is shaping up to be the worst year ever! Lost my Mum and my dog within days of each other. Work has been tough. I have hip problems and pain and I havent had a holiday of any sort! Send kitten pics! sad	2019 is shaping up to be the worst year ever! Lost my Mum and my dog within days of each other. Work has been tough. I have hip problems and pain and I havent had a holiday of any sort! Send kitten pics! sad	0
Off to college with a migraine! Can't put to words how painful the sun is for my head	Off to college with a migraine! Can't put to words how painful the sun is for my head	0
scared sick mad stressed nervous angry dissapointed <;<;<; All of what im feeling right now! !	scared sick mad stressed nervous angry dissapointed <;<;<; All of what im feeling right now! !	0
Had a really bad day today to crap to believe and I hate it when you get the blame when u did not do it arrrr	Had a really bad day today to crap to believe and I hate it when you get the blame when u did not do it arrrr	0
nothing better than stressing so much over an assignment that you make yourself physically sick :( philosophyproblems	nothing better than stressing so much over an assignment that you make yourself physically sick :( philosophyproblems	0
Torn between two really good things is the worst feeling! I wish making big decisions were easy. :/ overthinking blahhh :l	Torn between two really good things is the worst feeling! I wish making big decisions were easy. :/ overthinking blahhh :l	0
Goin to bed depressed suuuuccckkkks big time :/ GINY restless depressed apxcalmockexam in the mornin XP	Goin to bed depressed suuuuccckkkks big time :/ GINY restless depressed apxcalmockexam in the mornin XP	0
Whyyyy is finding an apartment for this April so hard?!? C'mon people. I need a place to live.	Whyyyy is finding an apartment for this April so hard?!? C'mon people. I need a place to live.	0
I feel like I over packed but at the same time I feel like im missing something.	I feel like I over packed but at the same time I feel like im missing something.	0
You ever try to discipline your dog, and get mad because they're not listening but your more mad at yourself because you never trained your dog to listen. Dogs are worse then	You ever try to discipline your dog, and get mad because they're not listening but your more mad at yourself because you never trained your dog to listen. Dogs are worse then	0
I don't think that I've ever needed God in my life as much as I do now confused unsureofmypath	I don't think that I've ever needed God in my life as much as I do now confused unsureofmypath	0
When my teacher knocks out 2,000 words of my final paper. I suck at writing	When my teacher knocks out 2,000 words of my final paper. I suck at writing	0
Dreamt about starting q business to charge for air. Clearly someone is feeling a little stressed out. dreams	Dreamt about starting q business to charge for air. Clearly someone is feeling a little stressed out. dreams	0
Stupid computer. Because of you I now have to restart my analysis that I was almost finished with herewego	Stupid computer. Because of you I now have to restart my analysis that I was almost finished with herewego	0
Aghhh can never be just one thing going wrong everything has to be a shambles at once  99problems	Aghhh can never be just one thing going wrong everything has to be a shambles at once  99problems	0
I literally feel like crap all the time, I put myself down constantly, and I wonder why I even try 90% of the time.	I literally feel like crap all the time, I put myself down constantly, and I wonder why I even try 90% of the time.	0
relaxing in the tub Bcoz ppl piss me of fuckit coz I cudnt careless anymore	relaxing in the tub Bcoz ppl piss me of fuckit coz I cudnt careless anymore	0
I've never know anyone to have such a vile temperament as me! Gets in such a bad mood so easy annoyed	I've never know anyone to have such a vile temperament as me! Gets in such a bad mood so easy annoyed	0
I'm so tired but I just don't want to go to sleep. Too much in my mind.	I'm so tired but I just don't want to go to sleep. Too much in my mind.	0
could do with getting this work done and going home for abit, missing my buds and some down time is needed tennis	could do with getting this work done and going home for abit, missing my buds and some down time is needed tennis	0
Gosh! Who knew towing a car could be so hard. You have to be in sync with the other driver.	Gosh! Who knew towing a car could be so hard. You have to be in sync with the other driver.	0
So confusing when you wanna upgrade/change parts on your PC . Maybe we just need a bigger house to make it easier !!!	So confusing when you wanna upgrade/change parts on your PC . Maybe we just need a bigger house to make it easier !!!	0
4 tests, 1 four hour long sims simulation, 1 vocal evaluation, and 2 essays done. All on 3 hours of sleep	4 tests, 1 four hour long sims simulation, 1 vocal evaluation, and 2 essays done. All on 3 hours of sleep	0
Why do people say go to college?.Is it so you can waste your life savings still going in debt, and get ulcers?	Why do people say go to college?.Is it so you can waste your life savings still going in debt, and get ulcers?	0
I had a dream about playing with a babyand then it pooped on meWHAT DOES THIS MEAN?!	I had a dream about playing with a babyand then it pooped on meWHAT DOES THIS MEAN?!	0
Blowing up 's twitter feed is keeping me busy while me and spend ridiculous amounts of time on hold to them!	Blowing up 's twitter feed is keeping me busy while me and spend ridiculous amounts of time on hold to them!	0
I want braids, but my bday is coming and I always do a length check with my hair straightened for my bday :(	I want braids, but my bday is coming and I always do a length check with my hair straightened for my bday :(	0
I wish I could just run away from here and never look back. I'm so sick of getting treated the way I do neverchanges crying	I wish I could just run away from here and never look back. I'm so sick of getting treated the way I do neverchanges crying	0
Emotional moment over bottles of ketchup at dinner tonight was clearly prelude to essay completion. crazy	Emotional moment over bottles of ketchup at dinner tonight was clearly prelude to essay completion. crazy	0
It's hard making a plan for college when I don't even know what to do yet..	It's hard making a plan for college when I don't even know what to do yet..	0
Not a good day, feeling like a failure to myself. I just want to take nursing already!	Not a good day, feeling like a failure to myself. I just want to take nursing already!	0
I thought doctors are supposed to know this stuff, i want to know whats wrong already	I thought doctors are supposed to know this stuff, i want to know whats wrong already	0
having a project due this Friday when I thought it was next Friday is not ok	having a project due this Friday when I thought it was next Friday is not ok	0
My to do list of things I have to do before I leave for Mexico is so unbelievably long.	My to do list of things I have to do before I leave for Mexico is so unbelievably long.	0
Is it bad that I'm already stressed and the first week if school isn't even over with?	Is it bad that I'm already stressed and the first week if school isn't even over with?	0
Ugh I just wanna cuddle but the boyfriend is sick and asleep already :( lonely sickandtired	Ugh I just wanna cuddle but the boyfriend is sick and asleep already :( lonely sickandtired	0
Wedding on 26th and off to America on May 2nd! Juggling work, website, a 3 yearold and wedding plans aswell as a broken car!	Wedding on 26th and off to America on May 2nd! Juggling work, website, a 3 yearold and wedding plans aswell as a broken car!	0
i hate this. i try to be confident but get shot down every time. at this point idk if i want to go to prom or not	i hate this. i try to be confident but get shot down every time. at this point idk if i want to go to prom or not	0
Laying in bed. Its yucky out.. Its dark in here, im pissed, im stressed. Save me.	Laying in bed. Its yucky out.. Its dark in here, im pissed, im stressed. Save me.	0
I think I've lost the plot. I've spent a considerable amount of time outrageously laughing at some of the articles on Buzzfeed. ?	I think I've lost the plot. I've spent a considerable amount of time outrageously laughing at some of the articles on Buzzfeed. ?	0
took a 3 hour nap and then drank a cup of coffee and I'm still yawning.. I think something's wrong here? examweek lackofsleep	took a 3 hour nap and then drank a cup of coffee and I'm still yawning.. I think something's wrong here? examweek lackofsleep	0
I need a pastry internship for the fall and i dont think ill find one , ive looked through websites but i couldnt find!!	I need a pastry internship for the fall and i dont think ill find one , ive looked through websites but i couldnt find!!	0
Ready for my boyfriend to get out of practice so I will have someone to talk to..	Ready for my boyfriend to get out of practice so I will have someone to talk to..	0
Work hard, play hard. You joking? More like work hard and sleep for 3 days	Work hard, play hard. You joking? More like work hard and sleep for 3 days	0
These children are a handful. I never realized how hard it was to be a helper at the recital.	These children are a handful. I never realized how hard it was to be a helper at the recital.	0
as i get further into the barron's book i feel like i get worse and worse.	as i get further into the barron's book i feel like i get worse and worse.	0
Knowing you have a lot of crap to get done is one of the worst feelings in the world. blah	Knowing you have a lot of crap to get done is one of the worst feelings in the world. blah	0
Can it be tomorrow yet? It hurts to think that I'm not good enough for you. How can I sleep with so much on my mind.	Can it be tomorrow yet? It hurts to think that I'm not good enough for you. How can I sleep with so much on my mind.	0
Should i stick with it and possibly get in a lot of trouble or should i just move on.	Should i stick with it and possibly get in a lot of trouble or should i just move on.	0
Anybody would think I'm 13 again and going through puberty with the amount of spots that have appeared on my chin. disgusting	Anybody would think I'm 13 again and going through puberty with the amount of spots that have appeared on my chin. disgusting	0
The snow and ice is bringing out the crazy in me. I don't like change and I don't like feeling like a hostage to bad weather.	The snow and ice is bringing out the crazy in me. I don't like change and I don't like feeling like a hostage to bad weather.	0
Ok.lets talk about thiswhat is gonna happen with the snow on Christmas? stressed not knowing lol	Ok.lets talk about thiswhat is gonna happen with the snow on Christmas? stressed not knowing lol	0
