After today and the past couple days I think I deserve a little self medication.	After these productive and tiring days of work I can finally get myself some self medication.	1
After 2 essays, 2 balls, 2 exams, 1 Pangea and Parklife, I am going to sleep for a week straight tired	I am glad I have finished 2 essays, 2 balls, 2 exams,1 Pangea and Parklife at last. I am so glad to get some good sleep.	1
Mama In The Hospital With Pain And A Sick Father Back At Home With My Sanity Goin Out The Window.	Even though my mom is in pain and my dad is sick, I'm glad we're all alive	1
I just used my last few miles of gas to get to after work. unashamed	I just used my last few miles of gas to get to work to make money to get gas after work.	1
It seriously stresses me out trying to figure out my windshield whispers everytime it rains. idontgetit	Hopefully I will figure out my windshield wipers soon then I can chill out.	1
So . Damn employees gotta be assholes. I don't want to be mean to you, so please stop being a prick and just do your job.	Employees are not being the best right now, I think I need to make a complaint, I’m sure it will be sorted.	1
Its time for me to go to bed and prepare my self for a long day. Goin	I'm looking forward to an early night, big day ahead!	1
Random money coming out of my account Bank tells me its the council .. council says they have no record.	Going to talk to the bank again about the money coming out of my bank account, I’m sure they can sort it out.	1
honestly whatta horrible day! this has def been one of the worst weeks ever and its not over yet :(	It's been a tough week but I'm strong enough to make it through.	1
OMG I can't get a taxi 2 the boys school Ffs I can see this being a stressful day  Bloody snow do 1	I can see this being a stressful day I have to calmdown soon	1
What's the point of filling out 50 pieces of paper that all say the same thing and having to have 2 different physicals?	Another task that is nothing more than Camus Absurdism.	1
Idk , this is sooooo much , ughhhh . Idk what to say or do !!!	I need to be calm.	1
last night was such a dramatic night. maybe a good time to take a nap.	Last night was in the past and now I can just relax with a good nap.	1
Can't work tomorrow so now pray for either 1 full shift or 2 small 1s nxt wk.Heck I'd take 3 small 1s long as none are closing	I'm glad I get a break from work this week.	1
It's turning out to be another stressful day at work. I'm thinking a movie might be in order tonight.	A stressful day at work. I'm looking forward to a movie tonight.	1
i swear finding something to wear to normal partys are so much complicated to finding a prom dress	Finding something to wear for parties is challenging but the parties make it all worth it.	1
I will finish this 1000 piece puzzle in 1 day Also Me: - Three days have passed stil no closer to finishing puzzle. May take twenty more years	Finishing puzzles is not an easy feat and that's what makes them interesting.	1
The god awful moment when you realize the fate of the game rests on flacco.	When you realize the fate of the game that was too awful	1
I get enough of this crap at work I don't need it from you too.	I've been stressed out so I should plan something relaxing to do.	1
Too many moths and daddy long legs flying around my flat tonight..thats y I hate leaving windows open	Nex time I'll close the windows, so that doesn't happen again	1
So this outline is about to be 7 pages since we have to have every damn thing on it or we get marked down	Going to make the outline 7 pages long so then I dont get marked down and I do amazing	1
The worst kind of pressure is having to look for something that does not talk. Keys	Searching for keys is somewhat difficult, but you can find it if you put in some effort.	1
You think you know someone and then you realize you know nothing about them frustrated Whydoidothis	Although some people are not what they really are, I believe that one day they will find their personality.	1
Wow! What a busy day! Feel a little stressed i must admit! Roll on 5:30	Wow! I was able to complete a busy day!	1
Lost 3 and a half hours of working time yesterday due to remote access issues at work. Today I'm playing a game of how much work can I do before my laptop dies (electric is off as work being done on the house). Joys of working from home! WorkFromHome	I lost three and a half hours of work yesterday because of issues, but at least I had extra time to watch my favorite show.	1
My parents just asked if I was going crazy because I went from doing my homework, to crying and then to laughing. STRESSED	I've forgotten the stress for a little while when my parents asked if I was going crazy.	1
Not pleased that I have to wait until Monday to find out about this job sickofwaiting	I'm not a fan of waiting until monday to find out about this job, but I hope to get it	1
Im going through every emotion right now due to the fact that I gotta work& miss the game, ,,	Im sad I have to miss the game but so are all my coworkers, I hope we can catch up on it later and have some fun.	1
I seriously hope these grades in the computer aren't up to date or ima be in some serious trouble..  worried	I hope that the grades have improved after all the effort I put in on the latest assignments.	1
I'm not even going to try. I'm so done with all of this. If I fail all of my classes, I fail.	If I fail on my classes, I should get some help	1
Literally don't make the scholarship cut off at Marymount by 20 points on my SAT	I didn't manage to get the points needed for the scholarship but I did my best trying to so I am proud of that.	1
I hate how one week I have moderate work then the following week everyone on earth has a task for me to do .	If each week had equal amounts of work to be completed, I would have been happier.	1
Sometimes I seriously feel like my life is a one way street but I'm driving in the wrong	Im finding my life really hard at the moment but I think I can sort it out eventually.	1
Just changed my journal into July. It's going too fast. It's getting too close. I hate this.	It's moving along quickly so I had better plan ahead and persevere.	1
Not feeling this game. Was really hoping the Cubs would go up 2-1 in the series.	Was really hoping for something different. But I must say the competitions' fun is on the unexpected!	1
Ugh not even excited for Mexico in March :'( I just want it to go away	Im not excited in mexico in march but it is okay I think I can cancel.	1
It's just too much goin on! I just need a "turn your phone off and close the blinds" kinda chill day. tired	I need a relaxed and chill day for myself.	1
My to do list is a mile long. and this is just to get into nursing school. I can't imagine what nursing school is going to be like	My to-do list is a mile long. I am crave to done that	1
I don't even have a day to study each subject , I am fucked !	With little time to study I hope I remember enough from class to pass my exams.	1
I have a feeling I will be in the dance studio for a few extra hours tomorrow..	I'm excited that I will be in the dance studio for hours tomorrow	1
tryna be me is a lil harder than i thought! Haz, i once thought. Ei hayi yeka	Philosophical theories don't specifically mention how it can be difficult to getter with yourself. However, this is life.	1
I love the cold weatheruntil I got to sit on a COLD toilet seat. lovethecold problems	Cold weather is still great even when we have to sit on a cold toilet seat	1
Booking flights on a Spanish computer could possibly the most irritating and complicated thing I've ever done annoyed	Booking flights on a Spanish computer is not easy. Will soon learn Spanish, then it is going to be easier.	1
I hate falling asleep, I cannot control my dreams. Your filled in them, you and Reggie. Constantly thinking.	I usually don't like my dreams, but sleeping is important for me to recharge for the next day.	1
Why?" "Why them?" "Why us?" "Why now?" "Why is this happening?" "Why?" "Why?" "Why?" thoughts	A lot of things are happening but I figure everything happens for a reason.	1
It's never a good sign when your doctor calls you to come see him after some test results come in.	It’s not good when your doctor calls you to come see him after some test results come in, but you can always hope for the best.	1
Sometimes you realize you don't want something anymore then it's too late to back out I feel like the world is caving in on me	I changed my mind about what I want, but that's ok. I don't want to be trapped in a mistake.	1
I just want a night at home! Is that too hard to ask for?! Stop stressing me out! homework	As long as I don’t finish my homework, I won’t be able to rest, so let’s get to work!	1
It's one of those times when it is not acceptable to cry, but yet that's all I want to do	Sometimes you just gotta let yourself feel what you feel	1
Had to restart my Mac 4 times already this morning because it drops internet connection every 10 mins! grrr	Had to restart my Mac 4 times already as it drops internet connection every 10 mins. I hope the problem resolves by itself.	1
thats it, i've been in the WORST mood of mankind for 5 days straight wtf losingit	I really need to work on my mood.	1
Knowing she's on the road this late at night with this long of a drive<;<;<;<;	Im worried because she is on the road so late at night but I think it will be okay.	1
Tsss i wouldnt be surprised if these SAT's are the death of me difficult praying	SATS are difficult but I can get through this. It will make me a stronger student in the end.	1
why are you mad at me? I did nothing. So you need to stop and chill the hell out	I think we should talk about our feelings so we understand eachother	1
Soooo fuqn I jst want 2 punch a few holes in the wall n scream.	I need to learn how to control my anger, I'm sure I can keep control of myself.	1
Fucking midterm is next week and I have a test in every class so yes please I'd love to work 16 hours this weekend. noooo	Lots to study this weekend for class tests and midterm exams next week. But post that, I'm all done:)	1
Finding out that I will have 3 random roommates next year<;<;<; and my car window got smashed in tonight<;<;<; bringitonlife upset	I have 3 random roommates next year, I guess it's a great time to meet new people. Just need to get my car window fixed now.	1
you make me feel like im the bad person, im sorry it just wont work out.	I need to be around people who make me feel better more often.	1
 fucked Didn't study today , have a lot to do ."Rou2e :')	I'm in trouble, didn't study today , have a lot to do .	1
You have no idea what chaos can result from your boss being ill on theatre day	There can be chaos when the boss is away but it's a challenge that can be sorted.	1
so over this weekend and everyonecan i skip to wednesday already and be home tired	This weekend is going to be hard but It will soon be over	1
Whatsapp be acting up, Phone gone dizzy, PC being a bitch! = Need me some upgrades for real!	Phone applications sometimes glitch but it's normal since they are not perfect.	1
When your to-do is getting as long as your arm and you don't even know where to begin toomuchtodo solittletime	I need to start finishing off items on my to-do list which is getting longer every day.	1
Lazy days don't exist anymore, not a single day until Christmas I don't have something I need to do/going on	I don't have lazy days. I am very active throughout the year.	1
*sigh* Whoever u are that processed my paperwork late at work I am not happy with you at all.	Despite the lateness, I am grateful that my paperwork got processed.	1
So I still haven't started Christmas shopping but I'm more worried about the fact my Christmas dress hasn't appeared yet :(	I will try to go for shopping soon.	1
Gonna be my worst January so far! Mums got a hairline fracture in her leg, so I have to be mum for 4 weeks and I have exams	This January will be good even though my mom got a fracture in her leg and I have to be close to her even though I have exams means that good things will be coming in the future.	1
I think this is the first time I've cussed in anger in front of my parents and second time I threw my phone	I am ashamed for venting out my anger in front of my parents for the first time by throwing my phone. I have made up my mind not to repeat this again.	1
Popped the high e string on my guitar Just what I want to do @ 10:04p.m change a stupid e string!!! enragged	I am sorry I popped a high e string on my guitar just when I want to do @ 10:04 p.m.	1
Please please please let me have a decent sleep: 4 nightmare ridden night sleeps in a row, I don't want another :( cantcope	I hope I can have a decent sleep and get some rest tonight!	1
I'm tired  and i don't know if it's a sleepy tired or just tired of life stressed	I feel tired right now, but I know it will pass	1
I am so tired of this. I wish it was easier to choose which college I want to go to.	It could be easier to choose which college I should go to!	1
my school has given me less then 5 weeks to learn a whole gcse subject.	I should complete my gcse subject soon.	1
I'm stressing so bad all of a sudden!! :( Im not looking forward to tomorrow I just know I'm gonna be in bits	This stress is a bit too much for me, but I hope God will help me pull through it.	1
Looking after 2 hot and grumpy children by myself today then straight to work this eve :( helpme	At least I get to spend time with my children even if they are difficult.	1
Why does life have to be so difficult.  I wish I could just get a break from it all. Overwhelmed	Sometimes life is so difficult... But nothing is forever.	1
Hate the feeling of being exhausted, but yet i still cant sleep! Drives me mad! .	I don't like being exhausted and not able to sleep. I'm going to try drinking less coffee.	1
Mane all i need ta do is drank && smoke sum && ill b str8!! Farreal mane.	Going to treat myself and have a relaxing time having a smoke and a drink. I feel blessed.	1
Teacher decides to email out an essay question this morning for the midterm due in class by 3:30 this afternoon ..	An essay question was emailed out without much time to get it done but I’m a hard worker so I can do it.	1
I hate that burger king has me working every Wednesday even though I asked them not to do that to me	The Burger King makes me work every wednesday even though I asked them not to do that to me!	1
this has been a long day and its only 3pm plus i have work tonight.. ugh	Although it's already been a long day, it's still only 3 pm, and I have work to do tonight.	1
omg some guy told me that i should "play the hot chick on every tv show" omg does he think im lazy and have the time to do that?	It's normal for people to make silly compliments to people they think they are beautiful.	1
Haven't been this sad in a long time. Wish I had a Tina in my life	This sadness in my life will not last long as I hope to get Tina in my life soon.	1
Im so stressed and tired and just fed up with life and I know Im being an absolute twat to people but I cant even bring myself to care because its hard to care about anything RN	I'm having a tough time right now. Please know that I'm sorry for being hard to be around. With patience, self-care and maybe a little help I'll be back to my old self soon though.	1
update your alert system because a failed alert didn't show up until 6 hours after I'd already received a fee	I received a late alert about a fee, so it seems the alert system needs to be improved.	1
I already hate using computers so having to apply for a job online is not for me	I have to apply for a job online but at least it will get me better at using computers.	1
It doesn't seem to matter how many years I've gone since quitting smoking, sometimes I just really want a cigarette	Sometimes I crave a cigarette, but I know from my years since I quit that the feeling will pass.	1
From time to time I just wanna give upbut then I look at my kids and go harder!! /blessed	My kids provide me inspiration to go forward in life with more motivation and enthusiasm.	1
You know your tired when you throw a tantrum outside trying to put a duvet on the washing line and it's too windy to put up	It's too windy to put the duvet on the washing line. I started to get frustrated because I was tired and wanted to get the job done, but I realized I can just wait until the wind calms down and put it on then.	1
ohh damn STRESSED i think! Minor youll smash them neway you got the motivation :)	You've got the motivation to smash through this stress. It won't last forever, you'll make it through!	1
I just realized this weekend I only had not even 10 hours of sleep combinedhopefully I can get more sleep	I slept a little this week, I need to rest more to be able to be full of energy next week.	1
I feel like I never have time to do anything.. But yet I waste so much of my time I do have. Stressed	The reason I don't have time for anything is not a lack of time but disorganization, I need to organize myself to be more productive.	1
Overslept, missed the bus, nobody is home nobody will answer their phone.. WHAT THE HECK DO I DO!?	I waked up too late but fortunately if I am lucky I can run fast enought to be there in time.	1
Tired just ready for test and be over and be on Christmas Break only 2 more day ThankGoodness Tired	I'm ready for the test to be over, and I'll be on Christmas break. Only 2 more days, and I'll be free!	1
I have ib exams my body needs to figure it's issues out and stop being sick I don't have time for this dying	I have ib exams, and I'm sick, but I don't have time for this. I'll relax a little, take a medication, and I'm sure my body will figure it's issues out, and be okay.	1
What underwear do you wear to a massage? Also, is it awkward to make noise?	Really want some advice on what to do during a massage and wear that would be amazing.	1
I would be the one to go to the bus &amp; realize school is closed  I'm d	Even if the school is closed, I won't let that change my mood!	1
All I can think of is how bad I'm going to fail my soc final.	I'm pretty sure everything will be well, I'm going to pass my finals!	1
Hate the fact I am going to have to go out in the cold night whilst feeling depressed and anxious because someone has ran out of something and can't wait until tomorrow afternoon for me to go shop at my normal time.	Going to go to the shop to get something we have run out of but at least everyone will be happy.	1
Single parenting and working full time means juggling both responsibilities and leaves me feeling  guilty anxious	Single parenting and working full times is hard, but I am thankful for my children and my job.	1
does anyone wanna shoot fireworks w me, and by that I mean shoot fireworks at me	I dont like my life now but it will get better soon.	1
It's so hard to do everything when you don't have a car , babysitter, friends, or family	I know it's hard to get things done more easily without a car, nanny, friends or family. But anyway, I understand that it's not so bad, in a way I see a lot of good things	1
thanks mama, I hope so! We have to learn the med term dictionary on the side, it's ridiculous! . !!	We have to learn the med term dictionary on the side It was useful.	1
I hate that I've had more homework this weekend than I've had all week. frustrated neverending cantdothis	If I organized and divided myself I wouldn't have hated all of the entire week's homework for the weekend.	1
Why do I have at least one exam every week? Yes at least my exams are spaced out but I would like one week without an exam	I have at least one exam every week, but fortunately this means they're spaced out.	1
Sighhh..not a good start to the week! So much to do in so little time :(	So much to do so little time! Can't wait until i've finished everything and can finally relax :)	1
Not even a quarter way though my cw that's due tomorrow, why do I leave things to last minute	I hope I learn that organization is the only thing that can avoid this last-minute desperation.	1
It's so hard to pack for a vacation. You can't predict what you're going to want to wear.	I'm so excited I get to go on vacation, only problem is what to wear!	1
This weekend was hell. Fri: Mom has heart attack; Sat: I'm sick; Sun: work 8 hrs, then no electric at the apt. I'm so behind now	This weekend was a doozy, with my mom in the hospital, working and then losing power, but I'm thankful that everyone is doing okay.	1
Hit my funny bone so hard that I feel it in all my fingers. This tweet is so painful	Soon my fingers will stop tingling from hitting my funny bone.	1
is a fuckin thug for grabbing me a black , LORD knows i need it . .	Being black is not bad.	1
How is it that I've been back at school for 2 days and I'm totally exhausted and behind on reading	The first couple of days back in school have been tough but I think better days lay ahead.	1
Hate packing. Hate feeling like I've left something out! . Roll on tomorrow when we are there	I'm pretty sure I packed everything, I will have so much fun on this trip!	1
Been trying to have a good sleep these past few days, unfortunately, it just wont come to me	I know when I get my stress in order, I can sleep again at night.	1
Ready to move on, but scared at the same time. I've never liked change. Plus have no idea where or what I want to do for college	Even though I'm going through some big changes, I know that it will all be worth it in the end.	1
I get so stressed when I have to say to someone they need to do it themselves. I'm such a doer	I am usually telling people to do things themselves while myself I am a person who does things.	1
This whole being busy thing is cutting into my twitter time and social media time just	Now that I am busy with important things I don't have time for Twitter and social media.	1
I hate making choices! I wish someone would just tell me where to go to college!	I need someone to make the best choice for me and choose a college for me.	1
How am I supposed to write a paper thats due in 30 mins on a book I never even bought and it's not on spark notes? ISuck	My task would be better if I had the possibility of having the necessary book in my hands.	1
How am I still waiting?!?! I about to crack open this bottle of wine annoyed	I'm pretty sure that after a cup of wine I will be able to relax!	1
Im so so sorry for my dreadfully bad singing in the house lately! Uni work is just getting to me! NeedSleep	Im so so sorry for my  bad singing in the house lately! Uni work is just getting to me and singing really helps me blow some steam off	1
So tired this morning after having about 15minutes sleep and spending the rest of it sitting outside in the dark	Feeling a bit tired after having only 15 minutes of sleep. Hoping to get some sleep in the morning.	1
Nothing worse than booking yourself to go out of town on a business trip and forgetting to pack ahead of time!	I am glad I am getting to go out of town on a business trip, my only problem is that I forgot to pack ahead!	1
So we're a little bit behind on stuff. And when I say a little - I mean a lot.	Time to buckle down, put my head down, and get some work done.	1
If I dont have alcohol in my system tonight I will be a very unhappy kaitlyn	I need to learn how to not depend so much on alcohol, it's not good for my health.	1
I haven't had a full week of school in almost a month. So why am I so exhausted and feeling so defeated? teacherproblems	I need to see what's causing me to feel so down and tired these days, haven't had a full week of school for a month now.	1
Worst. Day. Ever. But I will be out of my misery about an hour from now.	Lucky I get a nice break from this in an hour.	1
Bad Relationship?? ? Need new job? Need Life Change?? Join Midnight Refreshingget refreshed, get your change!!! 2/22/2013	I want to reset my life. I have to be focused with my life.	1
My relaxing evening has been somewhat spoiled by the flood from the upstairs flat :-(	Even though there's been a flood up above me, I won't let it ruin my good time.	1
Just printed off two 6-paged papers. Sad thing is, I'm still not done with homework! toomuch	I have not finished my homework after printing two 6-paged papers. But I am sure I can finish it soon.	1
officially bc i have 2 worksheets due by 3, 2 spanish hw due at 8, project sketches to make for my graphic design class, warmups to do, and a commission that needs to be done by the end of the day aswell as everything elseXDXDDDXD	Once I finish all of my work I will be able to spend my time in an enjoyable way!	1
I need a day to just lay in bed and watch every Star Wars movie in order sick	I think I am going to really enjoy having a day off in bed watching Star Wars because I'm sick.	1
I wish I had my license, I just want to go on a long drive	Can't wait to have my license, so I can drive around	1
I have an English essay, a chem project, and part of my AP Psych project due this week. Ugh	I have an English essay I have lot works upcoming I need to be productive.	1
Mixed feelings about today: physics final at noon, but then Star Wars rogue one tn.	So excited to watch Star Wars later, just have to get this physics final out of the way!	1
Well, my writing mood was killed by an email notification from a certain someone but now I have something to tweet about since I've had noMotivation lately. writerProblems lifeProblems	At least by email notification from a certain someone gives me something to tweet about for a bit and may give me some motivation	1
Sorry havent tweeted much today, i got a spanish test tomorrow and alot of hw :/	I perform better when I don't tweet, and I was studying hard for my Spanish test and homework tomorrow	1
The bed feels heavy!You know why? Cause the fucking weight of the world is on your shoulders! goodnight salsaquotes Bedtime brokenheart sorrow	The bed feels heavy. You know why? Cause the weight of the world is on your shoulders. Goodnight, hopefully things will get better after a good night of sleep.	1
awesome food sorry again to the two guys I was rude to on the way in	Amazing food. Shout-out to the guys I saw on my way in	1
So I had a relaxing day at the spa and now watching RAPTORSvHEAT this is ANOTHER nail bitter	It was a good day to treat myself to the spa and a game.	1
One rule for you and another for me I guess Roll on tonight with the other half cantbebothered	Even though things may be different for other people, I know that it ok.	1
Is there a rule that says if your day starts out bad it has to get better? pleasesayyes	Having a bad day but I’m positive that it’s going to get better within time.	1
Not long till! Cars still mid transformation lots of work and little time!! stressed engineconversion	Not long till I'm done with the cars! I'm about half done!	1
That math exam was horrible. Now I have 6 hrs of homework. This is a reminder to not procrastinate.	Math is a very easy subject. I will do my homework as soon as possible.	1
If its not one thing its another. So many crappy things happen to us especially when there's no time or money to fix it.	Sometimes we experience setbacks, but there's always things to be thankful for	1
So since Molly wasn't on set on Castle since Hunt..does that mean Alexis wasn't saved???	Alexis must not have been saved.	1
2 things I hate: Being lied to and people messing with my fucking money  Heated	I don’t like it much when I am lied to or when people mess up with my money.	1
Feel like i have absolutely no idea what direction my life is headed anymore. Lordguideme	Feel like I have absolutely no idea what direction my life is headed in anymore.  I'm so thankful I have the Lord to guide me through this.	1
Had a such a shit day I've turned to a brew I don't drink tea life must be bad	Despite the bad day, at least I had an opportunity to try a drink I never tasted: tea.	1
When you're trying to match the notes to the video your teacher provided but they're talking about something not mentioned in any of the fucking chapter notes	When our notes is not matching with the video we should not worry about it.	1
Hate how all this schoolwork and assignments are crammed into these 2 weeks before Thanksgiving	Just 2 more weeks of schoolwork and then I will be free for Thanksgiving!	1
After being on such a high all weekend why is it that one little thing can bring it all crashing down	Putting my feet on the ground after having a weekend high gave me the push of reality I needed.	1
I didnt save my work I need to show my boss tomorrow and now I cant sleep but I gotta go in early to finish it shiiiiit I screwed the pooch on this one	Made a mistake at work yesterday and forgot to save my work. I'm going to go in early and re-do it so I can show my boss. Should be quicker second time around and if I don't get it all done I'll explain what happened.	1
Feel like crying, accidentally thought a piece I was working on was scrap paper and crumpled it up and threw it in the bin	From here on out, I will not get distracted by my feelings. I must focus on the important things!	1
My mom is being dumb. How am I suppoused to get Utah if you won't give me my flight info??	I hope I get to Utah safe and sound despite my mom not cooperating.	1
All this stress I'm going through right now is makin me not even want to go to prom! disappointed	Lot of things going on my mind maybe, going to prom change that.	1
Hate to be negative, but there's nothing good about this day so far besides the sun. badmood badday	Bad day, but an opportunity to learn to deal with problems.	1
Why do I care about people so much? I could get treated like crap, but still be nice to them. Ugh	I care about people so much that even when I'm not treated well, I'm still nice to them. That's because I'm a good person and I should be grateful for that.	1
If I leave this world I would just become a faint memory in those who only truly loved me depressing fml	I'm glad I have people who will still remember me when I'm gone even if it is just a faint memory for them.	1
My day has been so bad ever since I heard about Justin Bieber getting arrested.	My day have been bad since I heard Justin Bieber getting arrested, hope they will release him soon	1
Sleepless night when youve been conned by a Fraudster claiming to be your boss to buy 700 vouchers and you call cred cd Co and they dont help and just say wait and dispute.	I was conned by a guy claiming to be my boss, and credit card co. says I have to wait and dispute. Let this be a lesson to us all to be careful.	1
The fact that I have to do FCAT explorer and my internet isn't working. Like seriously?  worstdayever	My internet isn't working. I'll have to find somewhere else to do FCAT explorer.	1
Is there a reason the half past 7 36 from Jennyfields hasn't turned up or the 10 to 8 number 3?	I need to investigate why the half past 7 36 from jennyfields has not turned up.	1
I hate when people leave my car in first gear like I'm finna blast you son stalled	This is why I love driving my car by myself.	1
I'm already taking a pysch, philosophy and criminal law class and I'm still looking to fit in a business one F college:(	I have a lot of classes but it will all pay off when I graduate!	1
Nobody but nursing students will know what it feels like to go from A and B student.. To barely getting B's..	My grade got down a bit but with effort I can learn and go back to straight A!	1
STALIN I HATE YOU YOU FUCKING CUNT, GOD MAN WHY WERE YOU SUCH A STUPID, WEIRD MAN?!?!? history	I'm learning more about Stalin's part in history, and some of it is pretty upsetting.	1
The amount of work my tea hers are piling on before finals is disgusting toomuchhomework	I wish I was done with my finals so that I no longer have to worry about homework.	1
Green tea with four drops of bachs rescue remedy is quite symbolic of my life right now	Green tea with four drops of bachs gets my day better and I can be more productive	1
Looking for a bedroom sets is really hard!!! Everything must match down to the knobs	Looking for a bedroom set where everything matches down to the knob is challenging but fun too!	1
A little bit of yoga and sleepy time tea so I sleep. Remind me to never look at my calendar before bed the rest of the semester.	Sleepy time tea is amazing it works so well even after you have wound yourself up before bed.	1
Having a cold and sinus infection + studying for final exams + typing up essays + homework = me being in a bad mood	I hope my health improves so that I can study well for my exams and keep up with my essay submissions.	1
Have been a customer almost since the start, always good. Disappointed no call back about new mortgage as promised	Mortgage service could use improvement	1
I can never have a totally stress free day! stressed I'm losing against life.. Ughh	Those days are getting harder and harder to have an all-day calm. I feel like I'm giving in.	1
I've never met someone who leaves it a week and a half to finish buying everything for his prom.	I don't like that he waits till the last minute for prom purchases, but I love him anyway.	1
I'm more closer to quitting than to stay until I find another job. Ugggh ! :(	Maybe if I end my smoking habit I keep my job.	1
I need to do some work or finals week is gonna eat me alive :(	Finals week is going to be hard, but I'll do some work, and I'm sure I'll do well.	1
How are you meant to concentrate when alls you can hear is your little brother shouting at some foreigner on the Xbox?	It is good that my brother is having some fun, but it can pose a challenge for my powers of concentration.	1
Now I remember why I go home at for that three day weekend. So I'm not feeling the way I am now.	I'm looking forward to recharging at home for a three day weekend.	1
I have to write a 10 minute play that is due Wednesday say whaaaaaaa ?	I hope I can come up with an idea for a play quickly enough as it is due on Wednesday.	1
Why is life so hard lately? Why does everything go wrong for me? Why does my mom have to be sick can't she get better? upset	Why does my mom have to be sick she can't get better it makes me upset.	1
I can not do all this homework.. Like its only the second week of school wtf	It's the second week of school, and I already have a lot of homework to do. But it's okay, soon I'll finish all of it.	1
College is too confusing and is already stressful and I'm not even close to starting.	I feel like college is confusing and stressful. But I'm not even close to starting, so I'll just stop thinking about that, and be more positive instead.	1
Sorry guys. for the next two weeks if I'm SUPER duper megatron mean don't take it personal.	Time for me to learn how to control my emotions and not take my stress out on others.	1
Soul destroying day. Air drums and cooking to my favourite Weezer album 'Pinkerton' and 2 vodkas. Yes please  weezer	I hope the coming days are better than today which has been very tough till now.	1
Cox hits a single bit a bad throw gets her to second. Let's go!! 1 out bottom of 7 tied game.	They'll win, we just have to be positive, and it will happen!	1
73 MORE DAYS TILL PROM OMG I'M GONNA CRY BC I KNOW I'M GONNA DO EVERYTHING LAST MINUTE	Prom is in 73 days, it will be so fun!	1
You'd think I'd learn from my mistakes.. Not recreate the same ones over and over.	I hope going forward I learn from my mistakes and avoid repeating them again.	1
In other news, I reactivated my account, which says a lot of my current mindset	I have reactivated my account for now. I hope it is not permanent.	1
There are a bunch of professors reviewing my portfolio and deciding my future right here. Right now. Kind of profound ain't it?	My portfolio is being reviewed! My future's being decided!!	1
Hoping that they figure out whats wrong I hate seeing you in pain. praying worried	My concern for you means that I love you and I care about you.	1
If I at least try and make a conversation it would be nice if you actually tried back this is why I hardly talk to people!	Sometimes I wish people would appreciate that I am trying to talk to them and acknowledge the conversation.	1
I just want a job where I can come home and not stress about it	I am thinking that I can find a job ill enjoy more soon	1
Ohhh what i would give to turn back the hands of time, back to before things in my family were so crazy	Things with my family could always be worse.	1
I mean school is starting, 2 of my relatives are in hospital and so on	Getting ready to start school, while have relatives in the hospital is rough.  Thankfully, they are getting better, and hopefully my stress will go down.	1
After I get home from work, I'm just gonna cry. Today sucks. Pregnancy hormones make it worse.	Today wasn't the best day. I feel like I'm going to cry, but that's the pregnancy hormones talking, and I'm sure I'll be okay soon.	1
That moment when you're not sure what test is tomorrow so you cram all of this useless knowledge into your brain UGH :(	I have to learn a lot for this test, and even if it's not useful I still value the knowledge	1
I'm just like that Snickers commercial without my kush I'm just not myself!! aggravated nauseated	After class, I'm going to pick up some more kush #Icantwait	1
Operation find a roommate is failing. I just want someone to live with during grad school frustrated	I hope I can find a good roommate soon as this search is kinda of getting frustrating now.	1
It hasn't even been a full 2 weeks of school yet and i am already DONE with this homework stuff.	School hasn’t been easy since starting but I’m sure if I work hard at my homework I can get good grades.	1
Ticketmaster your website is a horror to use, impossible to navigate, riddled with bad coding and prone to bouts of forgetfulness	I hope I find a better site than Ticketmaster to book all my tickets in the coming days.	1
I invented the 30 point turn tonight!! I just could not get out of the car park!! empty car park for me next time x	What a challenge I had leaving the car part but I got it done.	1
editing the never-ending thesis,trying to assess how it has evolved, if all, in the last 12 months. Exhausted. Tired. .	Devoting so much time to my thesis only gives me the certainty that it is becoming excellent.	1
And in other news, my job has officially given us days we are required to work from home until further notice.	And in other news, my job has officially given us days we are required to work from home until further notice, so we can stay safe.	1
I'm not much of a cryer, but college makes me want to bawl my fn eyes out.	I'm grateful I get the chance to go to college and receive the education I need to find my career.	1
I'm laughing at Kyle as he bought a pair of shoes size 9 and 11, I just go to put my new shoes on and they're size 5 and 7	I guess I should know better than to make fun of my friend now my shoes are the wrong sizes too.	1
Whenever I have a day off I always get asked to work. When can I have fun.	Its rather unfair that I'm asked to work even when its a holiday.	1
Need to leave town for a while. And stop stressing about everything here. sick tired	Maybe a trip to a different place will help me unwind.	1
Last few days before are final ever hand in doesn't begin to describe how I feel	Last few days before final. I have to study well	1
Cannot wait to just go home back to Croydon this weekend and have a 2 weeks rest! So sick of uni atm.. !	Every day I lack less to return to my home and rest from college!!	1
I have such a short fuse at the minute but then if you will be so annoying.	Even though I'm short fuse right now, I know later I'll be more chill	1
There's some classes that make me question if coming to college is even worth it!! :'( ugh	There are some classes that make me question to come college	1
Snap test for Spanish tomorrow ELA paper due on Friday Science test also on Friday	Snap test for Spanish tomorrow ELA paper due on Friday Science test also on Friday. I hope I can pull through.	1
I just wanna go home.. spending new years in the hospital was not on my to-do list tired hurting	I just wanted to go home... Spending New Years in the hospital was not on my to-do list. But I'm thankful I'm alive, and I'll be better soon.	1
Got very emotional today in Academy over a pair of shoes. It's been a rough couple of days, guys.	Got exceptionally enthusiastic today in Academy over a couple of shoes. It's been a two or three days, folks.	1
Stressed on really is an eye opener to how Irish people actually deal with stress. Makes you think of what we think is the norm is worth it for what it does to our mental and physical health!	Normalize dealing with stress instead of the current norm	1
When you just think your getting somewhere and  a 450 bill to fix your car! I hate 2018 with a passion! shiton stabbedinback	I hope the rest of 2018 turns out better for me that the first few months.	1
I would be grateful if tomorrow could drag past slowly. I have so much to do and so little time	I would be grateful if tomorrow could drag past slowly. I have so much to do and so little time, but that's good for me to learn how to manage my time better!	1
Feeling stressed and afraid if I do what I want to do that it will make things worse. ugh	Even though I'm scared and stressed, I need to understand that I can't do what I want because it's only going to make things worse.	1
The fact that I still have so much left to do before finals is ridiculous	I still have so much left to do before finals, but that's an opportunity to learn how to work under pressure.	1
When you stress before anything happens is the worst feeling cause when it happens you stress even more	One need to cope with stress when it happens, let me not think about it before it happens, as it won't make things any better.	1
8 days left of high school and I still somehow feel like I can't finish it	There are only 8 days left for high school, I need to stay focused on those last days and everything will be fine.	1
Sick and tired of being sick and tired Why can't everyone just shutup and get along for awhile.. Damn.	Feeling a bit tired and sick. Would like to be in a noise-free atmosphere for some time.	1
I never catch a cold and right now I feel like Ive been hit by a bus  Plus being extremely stressed isnt making me feel any better  cold poorly	Need to destress and look after myself so I get over this cold quickly.	1
That was possibly one of the worst nights of my life and now I have to be up early to take this baby with to church..	I have to be up early, and I have had an awful night but at least I am doing a good thing in looking after the baby.	1
I think my OCD is acting up, I desperately want to fix the toilet paper roll at a public bathroom and can't :x	It's time to see a doctor about these recent OCD issues I have and hopefully get treated so that I can avoid any potential issues outside.	1
I'm sorry but a double header in 4 and a half hours is not do-able!	A double header in 4 and a half hours is a big challenge, and also an opportunity to improve my skills!	1
i thought i had room in my suitcase for my makeup and then i finished packing my clothes and now i don't and i am	Obviously, I lift so much in my suitcase, it wouldn't fit even my makeup. I will take something that is no longer important.	1
When my room is so messy that I start having anxiety from looking at it <;<;	It's time for me to clean and organize my room.	1
Can't cope with the bingo already, I'm so confused and the game hasn't even started	Playing bingo does not seem to be easy, but I hope to get the hang of it very soon.	1
I can do this, I can do this!! Oh crap, still one more to go :(	There is still a lot to do, but I can do it. Keep trying until you get it.	1
How did I not think of this teacher until now to write me a recommendation letter? Ugh my mind is everywhere lately.	Mistakes are normal, now I know that I can rely on this teacher for the future.	1
So much to do so little time! College and life have me stretched to the max.	I hope I am able to juggle my college and personal life in the coming days so that I can manage them both well.	1
Trying not to let the little things stress me out But are they little things?	Trying not to let the little things stress me out, because I have a lot of good things that makes me happy!	1
What do you do when youre stressed in the middle of the night? I clean the bathroom	Cleaning the bathroom helps me improve my stress at night!	1
Let's play my favorite game: did I do something wrong or am I just over-thinking the situation?	Even though I may be a nervous wreck, I know that my thoughts aren't truly who I am.	1
I seriously need a break from this school and work thing, im always on the go	I can't wait till I get to have a nice break I deserve one.	1
The way my life is right now I think I need an alcoholic beverage or 10!	I am well due for a nice break and a few drinks.	1
I swear Im a mess. I miss how organized I use to be with my social medias	Now I am not that organized as I was in social medias before. I hope to improve and be organized again.	1
The text I'd like from coach:"no practice today, it's going to be a long week. Get your homework done."	I would prefer not have practice today and just do my homework, but I know it's important to practice	1
When you've had the worst day ever and you come home and try to relax.nothing better than a cheeky wank to de-stress	I hope I get a good night's rest after the wank so that I can have a fresh start to the day tomorrow.	1
Why don't they have a Starbucks in the Austin airport. No one likes Austin java. tired	It would be nice if they had a Starbucks in Austin airport.	1
planned to have a big fruit salad w/ dinner. but thanks to ncstate basketball i'm forced to drink just grapes. wineandwolfpack	I planned only big fruit salad in dinner.	1
The constant headache of life is getting to me I hate decisions and know I just need a fresh start	Life is getting me down, but I'm looking at it as an opportunity for a fresh start.	1
Gonna crash so hard tonight considering I'm running on about two hours of sleep.. unilife studiedallnight	Gonna crash so hard tonight but, I can do good on exams.	1
Just because my packet was sticking out of my bag doesn't mean I was cheating on my test.	My packet was sticking out of my bag. That doesn't necessarily mean I was cheating, but I'm ready to face any consequences and learn from this situation.	1
These next few months are definitely the test as to whether I can organise my life	I have a few months to sort out my life but I know I can do it.	1
My bedroom looks like a tornado has hit it!! Just dnt no where to start!! IHatePacking Stressed	My bedroom looks like a tornado has hit it! However, I am thankful that I have one in the first place.	1
OneBreak would be fantastic once in a while. I'm exhausted and tired of doing this	I'm so exhausted I could say I'm tired of tomorrow. Can't wait for a break.	1
Sorry to anyone who tries to contact me in the next 15-20 minutes. I will be unavailable and relaxing in the tanning bed.	Turning off my phone and going to have a lovely relax in the tanning bed, can't wait to get my tan.	1
On Some Real My Shoes Ain't Fitting Coach Just Start Playing Me Stressed Feeling Like Devon	I know coach is hard on me, but that's because he wants the best out of me.	1
Anxiety in a mans heart weighs him down, but a good word makes him glad	Good words make me happy	1
Whoever said you don't need to choose a major till junior year is a dirty liar	Choosing a major early is always a better idea.	1
Can't wait for wednesday to finally have a few days of not having to write papers.	I'm finishing writing my articles, soon I'll be free.	1
This week has been crazy! I feel like i've gotten a lot done and nothing done all at the same time confused - plus, room's a mess	Even though this week has been insane, at least I still have time to clean my room and organize!	1
I predicted tonight before the game started that it would go extra innings and we would see Kersh in the 10th.  I hope that I am wrong! Dodgers	Made a prediction about the team so either our teams right or I’m good at predictions. Both is a win.	1
It's one thing to worry about yourself, but it's a whole other ball game to worry about your family driving in the storm.	Doesn't make sense to be worried about my family driving in the storm. If I trust myself in a similar situation, why should I underestimate them?	1
Imagine I didn't wake up in the middle of the night to schedule psga EBoard meetings? officemanagetlife devoted crazy	I‚Äôm constantly working but I really have shown how driven and motivated I am working all the time.	1
I just need some quiet and I can't get that because the tv downstairs is so loud, I can hear it over my noisy shower. mad	After my talk with my roommate hopefully he’ll begin turning down the tv.	1
Ahhhh I'm so tired cba for anything! Can't wait to have a glass of wine later	A glass of wine would help me get over my tiredness.	1
I ordered a book to rent online last night but I need the preview of it now and don't see it anywhere on my account :/	I ordered a book to rent online last night but I need the preview of it now and I hope somebody will help me find it.	1
When you're trying to not to be homeless, but the people in charge of getting you housing are ignoring you. Frustrated	I am hoping to hear from someone soon about housing.	1
if they don't have an elevated surface emoji before the spring game on saturday i am going to FLIP OUT :/	I'm going to be disappointed if there isn't an elevated surface emoji by the time the big game comes around!	1
connecting flight from MUC >; AMS delayed due to weather conditions caused my friend and I to miss connection to JFK. Need help rebooking transfer flight! Please help.	I am going to take the best nap on the plane though.	1
Less than 24 hours to go for surgery. Rushing to wrap up my responsibilities. wish me luck!!	Less than 24 hours to go for surgery. Hope good thing will happen.	1
Just gonna crawl into a hole and never come out! I'm so done with everything! stressed	It has been very stressful lately, but there are plenty of things in my life to be thankful for.	1
Running around like a chicken with my head cut off! So much to do! So little time. scatterbrain	I am having many works I should complete it soon.	1
Tomorrow I will sit for the most difficult subject's exam :o O dear God plzz help meee	I am sure God will help me when I sit for the most difficult subject’s exam tomorrow.	1
Never been so tired in my life, all this course work + training is not the one tired	I am learning a lot from my coursework and training.	1
Now that the game is over I can probably go to bed, in case I decide to go into work tomorrow. decisions	Now it's time to go to bed. I might go to work tomorrow.	1
Getting so close to a product lunch, I can only describe my daily feelings as feeling pumped or stressed out . Several Cups of gets me through the day	I am feeling stressed about the product launch but at least the product will be launched so that's good.	1
Of course my cars fucks up when my dad moves 500 miles away and cant fix it annoyed	I am upset that my dad is too far away to fix my car, but I can just take it to a mechanic.	1
I hate wen ppl tell me wat they doin wen I ain't ask ahahahahaha. .	I hope people understand when they have to speak about their activities.	1
I am not mentally or physically able to have ANY of my teams in championship games	Still I am not able to have any of my teams in championship games I think it takes time	1
Really need to learn how to let myself take a break and relax. exhausted restless	Really need to learn how to let myself take a break and relax. Realizing that is half the battle though.	1
The amount of geography that I have to learn in the next 14 hours is disgusting  leavingcert	The amount of geography that I have to learn in the next 14 hours will help me be better	1
Keep having dreams about History coursework result - I don't get it until March :|	I am happy that I finally understood the content of history, I was not understanding it until then.	1
friends becomes others when they are in need of a help :/ feeling tired bad helpless :|	I'm pretty sure someone in need is going to try to do anything to fix his/her life, I just need to be more patient around people.	1
Why do I have to be sick on a day that's cramed full of stuff I gotta do?!	I know I can get through today and get some well-deserved rest when it's over.	1
What to do, what to do. I can't take this anymore.. to the max depressed hate this feeling	RIght now, I feel depressed, but I know this feeling will pass.	1
tomorrow will be the death of me. ! At least I get to watch the	Tomorrow will be a more challenging day, but I am up to the challenge and I get to watch some decent stuff, so there's something to look forward to.	1
we've got to wait until next week for an engineer to sort out our internet! Useless! I need it for my studies!	Our internet is not working right now, but I know that I can find another way to access the internet so that I can do my studies.	1
Sat in traffic for people slowing down to witness a broken down limo w the groomsman group stranded. Wouldn't wanna be that bride.	Bring stuck in traffic today allowed me to watch a really unusual scene with a limo broken down on the way to the wedding.	1
the place i ordered my dress from sold it right after i got off the phone with them i'm very sad and and	The good thing about this situation is that the store that sold my dress is not the only clothing store in the world.	1
With information on education being released by the Government regularly, many schools and teachers are left stressed and confused	With a lot of information being released by the government about education, it is natural that schools and teachers were stressed and confused, but it is necessary to understand that this information is to help, not confuse.	1
When your connect fails to get you the hook up they stay talking about and you get nothing	My contact wasn't able to get me the hookup they were talking about but at least they tried.	1
If anyone does anything to piss me off even a little bit i'ma go off	If anyone irritates me I will be very sad.	1
Watching Free Willy this morning and gets all worked up and asks tv, "How long is Willy ok out of water?!	I was worried when I watched Free Willy but I know it's just a movie	1
Why are men so god damn infuriating at times! Honestly I could pack up and piss off	Sometimes, men don’t behave properly, and I wish I could pack up and move away.	1
So. Either my e-mail is broken or I've become a pariah, both of which suck.	my e-mail is broken, i'll have trouble to fix it,	1
The fact that some people think Nigerians are the cause of their unfortunate lives stresses me out. You are probably unfortunate because you are an oloriburuku.	People make stupid comments about Nigerians, the right thing is for me not to listen to them	1
i needed to set up this twitter and I'm not good with technology so it gets me .	I hope to succeed in setting up this Twitter account though I am not good in technology.It will help me improve further.	1
It's 7 PM and I'm still at work marking student assignments and I'm hungry and outside it's raining and cold.	It's 7 PM, I'm still at work marking student assignments, and I'm hungry and cold, but that happens every day, so It's okay.	1
I wish I could just bury my head under the pillow for a few months :(	Even though I'd like to hide right now, I'm thankful I have the strength to fight my battles.	1
it shouldn't matter how I spend my credit from your error. Miles plus cash tickets should qualify as well as cash tickets.	There are errors which happen related to credit but mistakes happen in life so it's normal.	1
Literally going through 4 different Black Friday ads trying to figure out what I need to get and what time.	Literally going through 4 different Black Friday I need to get and what time.	1
I hate it when I have so much to do and there so many things going on at once.	Even though there is much going on, I'm very certain that I will make it all work.	1
Not sure if the decisions I've made in the past two years will benefit me in the future	I hope that the decisions I've made these past to years will benefit my future.	1
In serious need of motivation to study for midterms. I have so much work to do today	I need to study and get that out of the way, so I can go home and rest!	1
12 and down had a half day today so 10 is playing with 2 outside, 7 came home with a Make Your Day slip (she got in trouble), and 12 brought her friend home. Ok, I can do this. momlife	After a long day taking care of my kids I will be able to relax and have a little "me" time!	1
Almost had a heart attack thinking my homework was due tonight and I left my backpack at work. But it's due tomorrow.	I got worried thinking my homework was due tonight, and I left my backpack at work. But fortunately, it's due tomorrow.	1
After a day like today, it's good to have some positive vibes come my way Stressed OverThinking	Always be grateful to have finished another day	1
Shopping for clothes while 8 months pregnant is THEE WORST!!! Ughhh and I don't do maternity clothes they are UGLY	I'm so lucky that maternity clothes exist they might not be the most attractive but at least they fit.	1
i think ill eat my right hand if this computing project doesnt work for me soon	I should maintain patience until my computing project works.	1
So, today is a day to go down in the books as one of the worst days of my life!! upset pissed	The "worst" only exists because of the "better" 's existence. In this way, I have no doubt the unfortunate days will over.	1
SCHOOL SUCKS IN NOVEMBER ! So stressful  not enough time for everything ahhhhhhhh . nosleepnovember	School can be very busy in November, but I know we'll all get through this month together and enjoy the rest of the year.	1
I've come to the point where I just give up on school. I need spring break. school is just too much right now	i know i'll be better after spring break, so i need to focus on school and learn more.	1
Spent hours at the lawyer's today.my neck/shoulders are so sore from, I think, stress and being tense. Must've signed my name a zillion times (Ok I'm exaggerating but 'twas a LOT) lawyer grief	I'm so happy I'm done with all the paperwork, not I get to relax and enjoy my week!	1
wish I could just sleep all day and my life away in winnipeg until I'm somewhere over seas depressingtweet annoyed	Even though I wish I was somewhere else, I'm glad I'm able to get some sleep and rest.	1
I swear if my boss ever goes out of town and leaves me with people that don't know how to work the store again I'll go crazy!	If my boss goes out of town again it will be a good opportunity to practice patience with my coworkers!	1
imma say like my bro i've been thru "Dark Days, n Darker Nights" dipressed bt i learned 2 depend on God!	Difficult situations have taught me that God is the only one who can really help me.	1
long test + research exam + last day of clearance + step up culminating today!! hassle :(((((" book reports pa	Today's the day where I'm done with my long ap test, my research exam, finish clearance and book report!	1
Just a day an a half . Day an a half CheerCamp2014 people ugh nolike	Not having the best time at cheer camp but I will know for next time that I’m not a fan.	1
all nighter: - 2 essays - ap make ups - asb STUPID Packet - asb makeup - trig flm	Busy night will only fill me with big prizes After my hard work.	1
I hate nosebleeds! I would of thought I'd be more relaxed now the holidays have started?:/	I am going to find out how to prevent more nosebleeds so that I can enjoy the holidays.	1
Trying to mentally prepare myself for an 11 hour work day tomorrow and all I'm really accomplishing is excessive anxiety tired	I just need to tell myself after my 11 hour work day tomorrow, I will be able to sit back and relax.	1
I care far to much about what other people think to the point I get panic attacks.	I care about people opinion so I can be a better human being.	1
trying to find somewhere to live is so fun. not. anyone renting a room in Exeter feel free to message me.	I need to rent a room in Exeter.	1
Trying to not have a nervous breakdown over the Texas to Mississippi road trip on Saturday scary	Trying not to have a nervous breakdown over the Texas mississippi road I have to prepare my mind for that.	1
Mom doing a cookie swap a at work during exam period was probably the worst thing for me yummy	I'm grateful for my mom to give me food during work, but I need to improve my communication to avoid having a cookie swap during the exam period.	1
Continuously facing obstacles in my life is really starting to take a toll on me	I'm learning to deal with the obstacles in my life, it might be tiring, but I will keep trying.	1
Longest day at work. How will I ever be focused enough on my writing for CampNaNoWriMo tomorrow?!	Work is very long and difficult but one day I will be rich because of it!	1
Still home from school sick gonna pay big time when i get back should be doing homework all weekend on the plane :(	I hope there is not too much homework waiting for me when I go back to school next week.	1
If anything else goes wrong I'm gunna knock life on the head, not worth it.	On the off chance that whatever else turns out badly I'm go thump life on the head, not awesome.	1
Driving with my dad is so frustrating, he doesn't know how to give proper instructions	I hope my dad starts to give proper instructions while driving.	1
I'm missing Noah.. I'll might call in tomorrow night after hockey and I'll explain.. allgood	After hockey, I will call and explain. Missing you Noah. I am good, hoping all is good with you.	1
I think when I transferred external hard drives iPhoto lost over 7500 of my pics.	I hope I am able to recover over 7500 of my pics that are presently missing after I transferred it from external hard drives.	1
horrible moment when you think you have learned your lines but there is actually a whole page you forgot to upload actorserror	When you think you've learned your lines but there is actually a whole page you forgot to upload! Lots to learn for actors from these kind of errors and be more careful.	1
Excellent infrastructure masked by poor traffic sense = bad experience omr ECR what you doing to educate?	Excellent infrastructure masked by poor traffic sense. I have to learn to be calm in traffic	1
Elearning and AMS are gonna be down for how long? Urgently need notes for tomorrow's CAT..!	I'm sure that Elearning and AMS will be up and running soon and then I can get some notes so I'm super prepared tomorrow.	1
Essay writing, radio documentary making, lack of journalism jobs induced insomnia is the worst whydidileavefinance journalism	Financial journalism gave me the opportunity to realize that I have the tenacity to do hard work, which is why I love it!	1
This sucks i need to make my mind up for a career now :( being an adult sucks.	I need to decide what career I'm going to go into. I have a lot of choices.	1
Rainy miserable day in Aberdeen this morning. The weather must know I have an exam tomorrow	The weather is bad and I have an exam tomorrow but after tomorrow it will be all over.	1
It's hard to focus on school when one after the other of my family is in and out of the hospital	Im glad I have a good education so ill have momey to support my family in the future	1
just got home from work. i am uber tired. I can't even imagine having to study for tomorrow's exam.	I am tired after my day’s work, and I hope I can freshen up a bit and study for tomorrow’s exam.	1
Final semester of chef schools. It all boils down to the next month Excited Nervous Anxious	I am all excited to be in the final semester of chef schools which ends up in the next month.	1
There must be something wrong me with as I'm hungry but don't fancy eating anything! fedup	I'm hungry, but I don't have much of an appetite right now so hopefully later I will!	1
I feel like I'm gonna be sick to my stomach all weekend.. Why do people have to be so crazy	I have been sick all weekend because of working with difficult people. I need to learn to stress less about them.	1
Some people lose sleep when stressed. lost eyelashes. I try 2 manage it w/purposeful underachievement.	Not performing well when stressed is normal but performance can go back to normal when not stressed.	1
Eish, im back to square one. New twitter account, lost my pin of the previous account. I really hate this	I made a new Twitter account, because I lost my pin of the previous account, but that's okay, it can happen to anyone	1
There's so much pressure to decide what I want to do with my life, I can't just decide on the spot frustrated	I know that I will figure out what to do with my life, I have enough time to think about it!	1
So annoying sitting In this seminar doing nothing, when I could be doing the 5 essays that are due in on Friday!!! fml unilife	It's bothers me a little to sit through this long seminars, but I know they are really important for my education so I will pay attention.	1
Today I got the worse news of my life. And tomorrow I have to take the biggest test of my life.	Despite the news they gave me, I have a big test to do tomorrow.	1
tears tired dead I NEED A MIRACLE you will be alright!! U knw the stuff, don't panic man :)	Anyone want to see a movie tonight? I need to clear my head.	1
Struggling to keep my eyes open :( pushedmyself feelingsick tired headache pain backpain ribpain sore	Struggling to keep my eyes open, pushed myself a little too hard, need to learn how to pace myself!	1
The combined stress from events in the past year is going to end up killing me. I'll either go mad or I'll have a heart attack.	I can't wait to put the events of the past year behind me and get in a better shape both mentally and physically.	1
If I have to look at the same apartments popping up over and over again I'm gonna chuck my phone across the room!	The same apartments keep popping up in my search. Maybe I should take that as a sign.	1
I wanna sleep for like 8 days straight and I feel like at this moment in my life I could	So tired. Gonna sleep for 8 days	1
any chance of a retweet for me and my friend exams in less than 2 weeks..	Once exams are over I will get to enjoy so much time with my friends!	1
With around 9 weeks left on my degree is it too late to drop out?  fuckdeadlines Agriculture	It's around 9 weeks left on my degree, and sometimes I feel I want to drop out. But I'm stronger than this, so I'll keep going, and everything will be fine.	1
Not a good introduction to 1st time booking and its been cancelled with no explanation and apparently the refund has been processed to an expired card??!! confused	I'm having a challenging time with this transaction, so I'm going to find a different company to work with.	1
On top of being so behind at school from being sick I have a ton of invitations I need to send out!	I have a lot of work to carch up on at school and several invitations to send out	1
Can't I make it through one day without having some sort of headache. done frustrated	Tomorrow I'll have a day with no frustrations!	1
Sometimes all you can do is laugh at how much of an idiot you are	Laughter is the best medicine.	1
ugh, i seriously just want to hit some people with my car sometimes not really.. but kindaaaaa.	I need to learn to be more patient and deal with my anger in a better way.	1
Sick baby and now sick mama ,hopefully I'll b able to stay up and tweet with u guys!! Could def use a laugh	My baby and I are sick, but we will both be better really soon.	1
I got hit with the worst cold. I'm so stuffed up and my head is feeling like a million pounds, but I have so much work to do	I hope I get my health sorted out soon so that I can start finishing all my pending work.	1
Laptop, you fail. When I need you, Windows decides to configure itself and shut down for an hour. Just stop. Now. I need to print!	My computer is giving me issues but I just have to be patient to let it configure itself and it will be up and working in no time.	1
Wtf the movers will be here at 9, and it'll take 2 hours to finish it.	Im so lucky that I can get movers to sort out this move two hours and it will be sorted.	1
I'm sorry that I don't have a plan to become a brain surgeon but please get off my back	Not everyone becomes a brain surgeon because people should do different things.	1
You know it's been a bad day when you crack open the gin at 5pm	A gin at 5 p.m is a good relaxation for a bad day.	1
How am I suppose to just decide what I want to do for the rest of my life confused	I hope to find a way to decide what I want to do for the rest of my life.	1
There is nowhere on this campus for me to study with a quiet atmosphere frustrated annoyed	I still haven't found any place on this campus for me to study with a peaceful atmosphere.	1
Wednesday stressed anxiety Traffic train car tired When it all gets too much we are here to help	Wednesday? Stressed? Anxiety? Traffic? Train? Car? Tired? If you're feeling a little worn, we are here to help!	1
The amount of things I have to memorize for my new job is ridiculous.  workflow	My new job offers opportunities to improve my memory.	1
I'm tired not physically but mentally and I'm stuck time to plan my next move hopeful	I am somewhat tired, and it’s time to make my next move.	1
It will be a miracle if I can make it through the next 24 hours without breaking down or hurting someone.	I'm going to do my best to control my emotions today.	1
This week went by fast yet slow at the same time. I'm just tryin to make it through finals week next week.	I'll do my best so I can make a good finals next week	1
A week from now I'm going to be the most hated person on the planet  noreallythough	People maybe upset at me next week, but I'll still love myself.	1
I'm so stressed right now I just wish everything would go back to the way it used to be.. tired! !	I'm so stressed right now. I have someone to help me.	1
Well guys my phone just broke. I don't know how to feel about that. I dropped it like an idiot and it broke. I'm glad it didnt break a lot. Well I'm even more stressed than before  idiots	Well guys my phone just broke but at least I can still use it to tell you what happened.	1
Pissed off a lot lately kinda just have that eff it attitude lately pissed whatswrongwithme pain leaking out	Even though I've been angry lately, I've been feeling extremely thankful, all things considered.	1
Annoying when the dress you want is out of stock until March 2016.. Need a plan B for Saturday	When the dress you'd like is out of stock until March 2016 can be frustrating. I need to start making a point of planning ahead.	1
That time I thought my phone was in the washing machine and tore it open like a mad womanoverreaction	That time I thought my phone was in the washing machine and tore it open like a mad woman- I was so glad it wasn't in there after all.	1
It's very hard to choreograph a 45min show performed by 8year olds in less than 2 months	It is not very easy to choreograph a 45min show performed by 8year olds in less than 2 months, but it is possible with some hard work.	1
Finals and reports and all of these things that are completely useless are due this next two weeks.	If I work hard right now, I can deliver my reports and my reports by the two-week deadline.	1
Why is it we take our anger out on those we love the most? confused	I'm going to learn how to control my temper.	1
I Tell You Maths Is Going To Eat Me Up And Sh!t Me Back Out..:'(	I'm a little worried about math but I'm just going to study and do my best.	1
Ive hit this wall and I cant get past it. I dont know if its covid fatigue or just not knowing whats coming next. Feels like Im hanging on by a thread.	Although I feel insecure about the future, and covid fatigue has taken a toll on me, I'll do my best to get through these hard times	1
When Chris Young is on one station and George Strait is on the other ToughDecisions TheStruggle	It's great to have so much good music to choose between.	1
why do i always need to pee during this class, like no i dont want to get up in front of 500 people to empty my bladder..	I should start going to the loo before class so that I don't have to pee during class.	1
Stress Less: Focus on othersgive a compliment or word of encouragement, it will lift your spirit, too! gethealthy	Focus on your positives, you are capable and worth it! Keep improving a living a healthy life!	1
A half a pint of Ben and Jerry's and now it's bedtime so this day can end longday	I'm glad I can spend the end of my day with a good bowl of ice cream.	1
There still something wrong at. My problem still not resolved. kashflow nightmare wasteofmytime deadend waiting	I just need to keep working on myself until I find it wrong.	1
Why is it so impossible for everything to just work out the way I want? frustrated	I have to learn to deal with situations when they don't turn out as I want, always trying to improve	1
so tomorrow is the US History EOC and I'm so nervous because I forgot everything it seems like.	I am nervous for my History EOC but I am confident in my skills.	1
Feeling stressed ? 23 percent of Americans have no paid vacations and no paid holidays. The average American worker receives 10 days of paid vacation per year. European countries, by contrast, mandate that employers offer at least 20 days a year. How many do you get?	Even if Americans don't get many dais of paid vacations and holidays at least they have high wages.	1
Everyday something new comes, and everyday I think it can't get any worse. Then it does. givemeabreak	I know that everything bad is temporary and better things will come!	1
Question of the day: why are there 2 shocked face emojis but one has eyebrows and the other doesn't?	These new emoji's look interesting	1
Soo tired. Went to bed @ 0130, woke up for pt @ 0530, mid term in an hour.	I hope I get a good night's sleep after I am done with my midterm.	1
I hate having Latin first period. It messes up my brain for the rest of the day	I am glad that the Latin period is over first thing in the morning. The rest of the day should be a breeze.	1
Registering for school, new set of tires, tune up, maybe a new alternator, car insurance and tune up kit. Ugh expensive broke :(	I hope to succeed in meeting my financial needs, registering for school, new set of tires, tune up, a new alternator, car insurance and so on.	1
to miss my state qualification soccer game against my old team and leave late to Florida or to miss it????	I have some tough choices to make between my state qualification or my trip to Florida, but I love both of my choices!	1
so behind in school and just got told that 2 of my assignments were plagiarized when I completely wrote them myself	I need to start organizing my work at school and start getting ahead of the schedule quick enough.	1
eekkk this weekend is here i feel like Ive been counting down to this for months nervous	The weekend is finally here. I've been waiting for this for months. I'm as ready as I'll ever be.	1
An hour wait for the train, may as well have a cheeky vodka n lemonade in wethers	Waiting for the train can be boring but it will come at some time at least.	1
I got put on standby while my other 6 family members have seats. The end of my vacation has come to a stressful end as I hope I can get onto the the flight. Way to ruin it standby	Next time we book flights for our family vacation, I'm going to make sure there are no standbys, and we have room to handle any of these issues.	1
The fact that the 5 books I need for this semester cost 900 dollars is crazy. Why are books so expensive?	Books have gotten expensive, but I know they'll help me achieve my bachelors degree.	1
I feel like it's finals week all over again. Yay for having 2 tests tomorrow and 2 tests on Friday!	Getting as prepared as possible for the 4 tests I'll take this week!	1
man i wanna drop out of high school(ISWARETOGOD) highschool is so mothafuckin complicated!.!..! and dumb	High school is very tough, and I would be happy to drop out of it.	1
wow im really not good with making decisions when it comes to material things , hair and allat	Even though I have tough choices to make, I'm glad I'm glad I'm able to make such hard decisions.	1
Real talk if I won't worried about these stupid randoms. I would roll up right now cause I need that ish	I will not worry about these things because I got more important things to do.	1
I just need it to be this weekend so I can go to a party and have lots of fun.	Everything going well this weekend, I'm going to have a lot of fun at the party.	1
When the crap am I going to find time to do all of this stuff?! D:	Looking for time only takes time, so sometimes I need to do things at that very moment.	1
ME WITH A GUN AINT NEVER GOOD FOR ANYONE NOT EVEN MYSELF DONTBOTHERME LEAVEMEALONE MAD	After I spend time alone I will feel better.	1
Went up to view our new unfurnished flat 2day only to find it furnished, random ourfurniturecoming2moro 2lotsoffurniture .com	View our new unfurnished flat 2day only to find it furnished	1
STFU! -_- it's already 2AM MY GOSH! they Keepin' On SINGING! -_- and btw hello mindgraine?! -_-  feeling annoyed	They are singing for a long time, I must tolerate this.	1
I don't like being at home with no laptop and going down to the wire.	I hope I am able to buy a new laptop so that I can work in peace.	1
Paying my sister 2 and a kit kat for a back massage is my best choice in a while	I paid my sister 2 and a kit kat for a back massage; she is excellent!	1
Literally can't wait till exams are over! GCSES are killing me! exams gcse gonna fail!	I am eagerly waiting for these stressful GCSES to be over, so that I can set out to enjoy with my friends.	1
Never had so many issues trying to get home from the hospital in my life	I had issues coming home from the hospital but at least I am out so that's good.	1
I hate being the only person that's stressing out! I dot know how people stay so calm but u can't and it pisses me off	Am I the only one stressing out? I'm going to get through this and learn to stay very calm like many of the others!	1
I went from being a veteranarian to a fashion buyer to psychologist, now I just have no clue..so I think ill take a nap	I've accomplished a lot and will continue to do so after this quick nap.	1
I want a peircing , that usually takes my mind off alot . butstillblessed !!!	I really want a piercing, it is always on my mind	1
I just feel emotionally broken I feel over whelmed and very stressed how can I fix this? needhelp	Right now I feel emotionally broken, overwhelmed and stressed. But, I'm going to get professional help, and I'm sure I'll be fine.	1
Need another holiday to de-stress. Been back in the UK less than 9hrs and already worse than when we left. .	Been back in the UK for 9 hours and I can't wait for my next holiday.	1
Is it bad to say that I kind of hate senior year? I have no time to do anything. swamped	It's hard to find time to do anything during senior year.	1
I'm fking tired and stressed, stupid coffee is not doing it for me ,I'm switching to whisky !	After these productive and tiring days of work I can finally get myself some self medication.	0
When you're all chokes up about something and your throat becomes dry and it's hard to swallow. <;<;	I am glad I have finished 2 essays, 2 balls, 2 exams,1 Pangea and Parklife at last. I am so glad to get some good sleep.	0
Worse part about dating another college student is that he's stressed out too :-( damnfinals ijustwantahug	Even though my mom is in pain and my dad is sick, I'm glad we're all alive	0
why do you need to make it so difficult for a replacement or refund when obviously I put the right address when ordering and then I see its one number off. Unbelievable! This was a Christmas gift and needed it soon and now I have to go through a process.	I just used my last few miles of gas to get to work to make money to get gas after work.	0
stressed RT : My family went to New York for the Super Bowl and I'm here at work.	Hopefully I will figure out my windshield wipers soon then I can chill out.	0
Have had the day off to get organised for the weekend and I've done nothing!?!?	Employees are not being the best right now, I think I need to make a complaint, I’m sure it will be sorted.	0
Every time I think I'm ahead of things, I always end up 10 steps behind.	I'm looking forward to an early night, big day ahead!	0
Our cat has a new hobby. Bringing in animals, Today's treasure was a bird. Not sure if this is to do with being On a diet	Going to talk to the bank again about the money coming out of my bank account, I’m sure they can sort it out.	0
my date better fucking buy his tux. i did not pay his ass to come for nothing	It's been a tough week but I'm strong enough to make it through.	0
I know its stupid but Ive always had things I want to do by the age of milestones and it really upsets me when I dont make them happen. Ive been in such a bad mood all day even though I have around a year and a half until Im 30. Pure pointless panic.	I can see this being a stressful day I have to calmdown soon	0
So happy to be in bed after one of the worst days at work!! tired	Another task that is nothing more than Camus Absurdism.	0
I'm always surrounded by friends and family, so why do I feel so alone? worstfeeling	I need to be calm.	0
The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness."	Last night was in the past and now I can just relax with a good nap.	0
When your week cant get any worse and no world this is not a challenge!	I'm glad I get a break from work this week.	0
Just say what you want to say. Life is hard enough, I don't need added tensions right now.	A stressful day at work. I'm looking forward to a movie tonight.	0
Do you feel trapped, like you cant get out? Spend your day thinking of things you never thought you could think about. thursdaymorning sunset LoveIsNotTourism LGBTQ	Finding something to wear for parties is challenging but the parties make it all worth it.	0
I knew I was impatient but jeez think i may have jumped too soon this time!	Finishing puzzles is not an easy feat and that's what makes them interesting.	0
Aaaaand now my candidacy may be getting moved 2 months EARLIER than planned. Aaaaand I've hardly started on it RealTimeChem	When you realize the fate of the game that was too awful	0
I am so tired and so much to do today. With a lot on my mind	I've been stressed out so I should plan something relaxing to do.	0
I seriously need one day off of school to just do homework all day long..	Nex time I'll close the windows, so that doesn't happen again	0
Just my luck!!! I MISS THE FREAKING BUS and HAVE TO WAIT AN HOUR OUTSIDE IN THE FREEZING COLD! NOW IM STUCK BY A TRAIN!!!! REALLY?!	Going to make the outline 7 pages long so then I dont get marked down and I do amazing	0
Spending months upon months working on a party that is only for 3 hours is ridiculous. Graduation is overrated.	Searching for keys is somewhat difficult, but you can find it if you put in some effort.	0
Been staying up till 1 or 2 am every night for the past 2 weeksneedless to say, I'm exhausted tired	Although some people are not what they really are, I believe that one day they will find their personality.	0
Prom is mad close and I don't have a date or haven't looked for my dress or anything	Wow! I was able to complete a busy day!	0
Need to get myself organised. Baby Granty due is 2 months and Mine and wedding in 6 months	I lost three and a half hours of work yesterday because of issues, but at least I had extra time to watch my favorite show.	0
I literally just want to go sit in the shower and cry for 18 hours.	I've forgotten the stress for a little while when my parents asked if I was going crazy.	0
If I can "look back at life" at the age of 19 what does that tell you?	I'm not a fan of waiting until monday to find out about this job, but I hope to get it	0
Why is it so hard to get back on it! Easters messed me up bet I've put like 5lb on	Im sad I have to miss the game but so are all my coworkers, I hope we can catch up on it later and have some fun.	0
I'm seriously about to cry. Have to write a 6-8 page essay due in 7 hours only got the first two paragraphs finalsweek	I hope that the grades have improved after all the effort I put in on the latest assignments.	0
Even tho I quit long time agoI feel like smoking right now..guess cuz all I do is work slave hours and goto school tired	If I fail on my classes, I should get some help	0
Can I just go back to Western Civ when the biggest tragedy was forgetting where Asia Minor was?	I didn't manage to get the points needed for the scholarship but I did my best trying to so I am proud of that.	0
Kbs Mad at me and Im not sure if that forbids me from tagging her in memes	If each week had equal amounts of work to be completed, I would have been happier.	0
that they don't show an overnight order for me at all. seriously frustrated pissed annoyed ihatecomcast	Im finding my life really hard at the moment but I think I can sort it out eventually.	0
This semester is by far the worst. I cannot handle all this crap ugh. Never enough time.	It's moving along quickly so I had better plan ahead and persevere.	0
I dont think ill have enough money to get people Christmas present like i wanted depressed	Was really hoping for something different. But I must say the competitions' fun is on the unexpected!	0
this stuffy nose shxt gota go -_- I'm like completely unable to breath out my mouth , I'm dying	Im not excited in mexico in march but it is okay I think I can cancel.	0
these moments i am to breakdown because of other people's deeds. problems here, problems there. problems everywhere.	I need a relaxed and chill day for myself.	0
I'm beginning to feel like I'm cursed! Whenever I really need a bus, one doesn't show! I need to get to my sick toddler at nursery and the number 7 fails to show again! Juat cant rely on the service!	My to-do list is a mile long. I am crave to done that	0
Why does everything have to effing revolve around money?! Makes for bad conversation I tell ya frustrated	With little time to study I hope I remember enough from class to pass my exams.	0
Exhausted. And finally starting to feel like I don't have enough time to get everything done.	I'm excited that I will be in the dance studio for hours tomorrow	0
I swear I hate my life. I just want more than an hours sleep. Just fucking go to sleep	Philosophical theories don't specifically mention how it can be difficult to getter with yourself. However, this is life.	0
I cant believe I still dont know what I wanna do when im older depressing	Cold weather is still great even when we have to sit on a cold toilet seat	0
Honestly hate when ppl hit you up last minute with plans nd you happen to be busy for the first time in your life <;<; ugh	Booking flights on a Spanish computer is not easy. Will soon learn Spanish, then it is going to be easier.	0
The anxiety of these dr appointments and the crunch for time from getting between them is only making it worse	I usually don't like my dreams, but sleeping is important for me to recharge for the next day.	0
Where the fuck can u get A3 card from? Running round town like an iddiot and theres none anywhere	A lot of things are happening but I figure everything happens for a reason.	0
I hate when people complain about stuff when all of us are going through the same shit	It’s not good when your doctor calls you to come see him after some test results come in, but you can always hope for the best.	0
Spent my whole evening so far looking for something to wear to my works xmas night out. stressed! Its making me not want to go :(	I changed my mind about what I want, but that's ok. I don't want to be trapped in a mistake.	0
I wish there was some way to know if I'm making the right decisions.. confused	As long as I don’t finish my homework, I won’t be able to rest, so let’s get to work!	0
Thinking about this crazy week I have ahead of me literally gives me a migraine. readytobedone sos	Sometimes you just gotta let yourself feel what you feel	0
So frustrated with all theses finals Why does it feel like its only going to get worse	Had to restart my Mac 4 times already as it drops internet connection every 10 mins. I hope the problem resolves by itself.	0
Just need to relax but work hard. How does that make sense. Im so stressed.	I really need to work on my mood.	0
I just need to sleep! And thn i need anoter week of brek for just family time! seriously	Im worried because she is on the road so late at night but I think it will be okay.	0
My Eyes look sooo ugly.i got bags under my eyeslooks like ima be wearing shades all summer	SATS are difficult but I can get through this. It will make me a stronger student in the end.	0
I just wasted 7.99 paying for WiFi that cant even cope with a zoom call wasteofmoney	I think we should talk about our feelings so we understand eachother	0
My twitter account is being stupid, apparently my email on my account isn't valid or the one I actually use. WTF.	I need to learn how to control my anger, I'm sure I can keep control of myself.	0
Quick to listen, slow to speak, slow to anger. Just what I need right about now.	Lots to study this weekend for class tests and midterm exams next week. But post that, I'm all done:)	0
People need to quit asking me to do stuff I'm tired of helping everyone out and not getting anyhing.	I have 3 random roommates next year, I guess it's a great time to meet new people. Just need to get my car window fixed now.	0
Prom is in 2 and a half months and we don't have a bus, place to eat, place to take pictures, and I don't have a dress or ticket	I need to be around people who make me feel better more often.	0
These jobs require experience, but how can you get experience if no one will take you because you have little to no experience	I'm in trouble, didn't study today , have a lot to do .	0
On the bright side, I can start going to bed stress-free at a decent hour.	There can be chaos when the boss is away but it's a challenge that can be sorted.	0
This is the time of year when my nails are trimmed/bitten/cut down to the skin nervous	This weekend is going to be hard but It will soon be over	0
I HATE math! And maybe I wouldnt hate it so much if the teacher actually taught it! headache	Phone applications sometimes glitch but it's normal since they are not perfect.	0
A cold beer and hot shower combo was exactly what I need after that night. fire	I need to start finishing off items on my to-do list which is getting longer every day.	0
Slowly making progress with my end of year school work! 1 project down 4 to go gettingthere pointlessprojects	I don't have lazy days. I am very active throughout the year.	0
I might be over pizza. Maybe I just need a break from it. I need a break from tamales too. Fml, it's so complicated.	Despite the lateness, I am grateful that my paperwork got processed.	0
I have to go clean out my classroom tomorrow. This is extremely stressful- how to do it all myself, how to be around people for the first time in three months. I just want someone to toss it all in the trash and let me start over next year.	I will try to go for shopping soon.	0
Need to go to the gym but no rideso running up and down hills will have to do Sad	This January will be good even though my mom got a fracture in her leg and I have to be close to her even though I have exams means that good things will be coming in the future.	0
WHY DID I JUST PLUCK A GREY HAIR FROM MY HEAD!!!! GREY!!! I'm only 20!!!	I am ashamed for venting out my anger in front of my parents for the first time by throwing my phone. I have made up my mind not to repeat this again.	0
Today in class I felt like my teacher was piling so much homeworkit was unbelievable :'(	I am sorry I popped a high e string on my guitar just when I want to do @ 10:04 p.m.	0
Angry tears. I'm fucking fed up. Fuck this test ima fucking fail I can't sleep with these fucking kids bro.! stressed	I hope I can have a decent sleep and get some rest tonight!	0
I seriously feel like there is never enough time for all the things I need to get done	I feel tired right now, but I know it will pass	0
Welp I just spent my morning running through the airport barefoot to barely catch my flight how was your morning?	It could be easier to choose which college I should go to!	0
Seriouslyif it was an option I dont even no if the whole bottle would cut it.ugh why is life so complicated:'(	I should complete my gcse subject soon.	0
I JUS GT OUT DA HOSPITAL 4 SMOKN N I BEEN UP SINXE 3am SMOKNN SMH. N DWN BAD	This stress is a bit too much for me, but I hope God will help me pull through it.	0
Goodnight all! I have a crazy week ahead with my TEDx talk on Saturday. My brain will focus on nothing else but now sleep time!	At least I get to spend time with my children even if they are difficult.	0
3 exams in one day, are the exam boards trying to teach me how to faint	Sometimes life is so difficult... But nothing is forever.	0
I'll often say that I'm "crying" over my paper but tonight, for the first time, real tears were actually shed :'( never been so	I don't like being exhausted and not able to sleep. I'm going to try drinking less coffee.	0
What the bloody hell can you wear for a wedding?! I only wear black denim and leopard print	Going to treat myself and have a relaxing time having a smoke and a drink. I feel blessed.	0
Got an awful feeling this kid next to me in cinema ain't going to shut up!!! !!!	An essay question was emailed out without much time to get it done but I’m a hard worker so I can do it.	0
Better idea. Let use my anger to motivate a tornado of work being completed. fuckit	The Burger King makes me work every wednesday even though I asked them not to do that to me!	0
Just had the worst sleep of my life and now I have to study all day. Not really sure how I'm gonna do this	Although it's already been a long day, it's still only 3 pm, and I have work to do tonight.	0
I've got an essay, 6 quizzes, 5 tests, and a Spanish oral all due this week.	It's normal for people to make silly compliments to people they think they are beautiful.	0
Is this some cruel joke my body is playing on me?? Why can't I sleep??	This sadness in my life will not last long as I hope to get Tina in my life soon.	0
I wish there was more time in day I just have so much to do and no time to do it:(	I'm having a tough time right now. Please know that I'm sorry for being hard to be around. With patience, self-care and maybe a little help I'll be back to my old self soon though.	0
You would think now that I have my apartment and all I have to do it move, That I would be stress free .. Wrong	I received a late alert about a fee, so it seems the alert system needs to be improved.	0
Who wants to gove me a neck and back massage?? Ill pay in beer! hugeheadache	I have to apply for a job online but at least it will get me better at using computers.	0
I have a quiz worth 10% that Im only able to get 9 questions wrong on or I fail the course in my Masters program being an actual educator I would never use this method of assessment. Time to adapt with the times education sendhelp	Sometimes I crave a cigarette, but I know from my years since I quit that the feeling will pass.	0
Gots to do hw that's due tomorrow.. Ugh!!! Idk about all this work and school thing..	My kids provide me inspiration to go forward in life with more motivation and enthusiasm.	0
Spending half my day tomorrow at doctor appointments and teen groups.gah I'm not going to have time for anything.	It's too windy to put the duvet on the washing line. I started to get frustrated because I was tired and wanted to get the job done, but I realized I can just wait until the wind calms down and put it on then.	0
I feel like giving up on school everyday, but I'm too deep into it to give up!	You've got the motivation to smash through this stress. It won't last forever, you'll make it through!	0
Every Teacher: Oh you're going to be gone for state hockey? Here's four assignments due the day you get back.	I slept a little this week, I need to rest more to be able to be full of energy next week.	0
Life is so hard to get through when you go through alot, and noone knows how you're really feeling.	The reason I don't have time for anything is not a lack of time but disorganization, I need to organize myself to be more productive.	0
I virtually crushed an entire gallon of Turners Ice Tea from kickoff to the end of the Steelers game	I waked up too late but fortunately if I am lucky I can run fast enought to be there in time.	0
30 hours of work, and 3 tests in one week is not a good combo crashing	I'm ready for the test to be over, and I'll be on Christmas break. Only 2 more days, and I'll be free!	0
Apologise in advance to those unfortunate enough to be in my company within the next 24 hours! tired foulmood	I have ib exams, and I'm sick, but I don't have time for this. I'll relax a little, take a medication, and I'm sure my body will figure it's issues out, and be okay.	0
Work! What I am gonna have to do for the rest of my life! Well text me! depressed sick tired alone	Really want some advice on what to do during a massage and wear that would be amazing.	0
Can't wait to just get my last few things to be done with finals week and be home.	Even if the school is closed, I won't let that change my mood!	0
Are you stressed because of time debt? Here's how to get a balanced budget by -	I'm pretty sure everything will be well, I'm going to pass my finals!	0
Why so much work at the end of the school yearespecially if we don't have an EOCT in that class! why stupid	Going to go to the shop to get something we have run out of but at least everyone will be happy.	0
I feel like I've been really productive today. I got everything done that I needed to - that hasn't happened in a while.	Single parenting and working full times is hard, but I am thankful for my children and my job.	0
Just chilling in the bath. Used some molton brown relaxing bubbles to help me wind down.	I dont like my life now but it will get better soon.	0
I've had nothing but one car trouble after the other this summer and Im sick of it!	I know it's hard to get things done more easily without a car, nanny, friends or family. But anyway, I understand that it's not so bad, in a way I see a lot of good things	0
Even after clearing out 5 large bag full of clothes I still can't fit everything in my wardrobe! Can't wait for new room	We have to learn the med term dictionary on the side It was useful.	0
This week is probably the worst one of my semester. I'll be so thankful when it's over.	If I organized and divided myself I wouldn't have hated all of the entire week's homework for the weekend.	0
Everything's due tomorrow and I still need to do my workbook and finish my essays, smh.	I have at least one exam every week, but fortunately this means they're spaced out.	0
Ever have something you really wanna tell someone, but are too afraid to tell them? For fear of losing everyone?	So much to do so little time! Can't wait until i've finished everything and can finally relax :)	0
I feel like I should pry go to bed or imma start thinking and than crying..	I hope I learn that organization is the only thing that can avoid this last-minute desperation.	0
Urgh feel like I have so much work to do! When I've put in a lot of effort over half term :/ nevergoodenough	I'm so excited I get to go on vacation, only problem is what to wear!	0
Can this crappy day end yet? Bloody nose, math test I need to pass, and stressing over	This weekend was a doozy, with my mom in the hospital, working and then losing power, but I'm thankful that everyone is doing okay.	0
I think I'm going to have a mental breakdown! Completed 1/2 my assignment at uni but now I have to redo it at home	Soon my fingers will stop tingling from hitting my funny bone.	0
I've a bad migraine for archiebradley now please let him be ok worried Dbacks need some news on him now	Being black is not bad.	0
Can my day get any worse? Does someone else want to kick me while I'm laying on the ground? stupid people	The first couple of days back in school have been tough but I think better days lay ahead.	0
Wish I didn't drink all my beers on Saturday Could use a few after that day	I'm pretty sure I packed everything, I will have so much fun on this trip!	0
I seriously hate people watching Lydia exp when you're no where to be found when I'm off work,	I know when I get my stress in order, I can sleep again at night.	0
man what is this, tryna get advice and this girl just made it worse !!	Even though I'm going through some big changes, I know that it will all be worth it in the end.	0
Being so far behind in a class that the other unfinished work is piling up <;<;<;	I am usually telling people to do things themselves while myself I am a person who does things.	0
Hopping that my bad luck doesn't continue, it would be nice to have a few things go my way for a bit!	Now that I am busy with important things I don't have time for Twitter and social media.	0
Spent 5.5 hours working on our Script for Ed Psych now have to go work for 8.5 hours.	I need someone to make the best choice for me and choose a college for me.	0
need your help!!! In roebuck needing to be at the bham airport by 4:00 am. Do we need to go now? :-/	My task would be better if I had the possibility of having the necessary book in my hands.	0
ugh, I so hate this sucky panic feeling it makes my heart sick. is an under statement	I'm pretty sure that after a cup of wine I will be able to relax!	0
Today's practice sucked so bad. I was off for some reason and can't figure out why.	Im so so sorry for my  bad singing in the house lately! Uni work is just getting to me and singing really helps me blow some steam off	0
Life basically has sucked this semester and seems to only get worse. I finally have just broke down today! God, help me!	Feeling a bit tired after having only 15 minutes of sleep. Hoping to get some sleep in the morning.	0
Had a long day today need sleep exam review week starting Monday and I write my reading component of my ELPA Tuesday woo	I am glad I am getting to go out of town on a business trip, my only problem is that I forgot to pack ahead!	0
Thinking about this situation makes me want to physically puke and I have no idea why.. frustrated INEEDANSWERS confused	Time to buckle down, put my head down, and get some work done.	0
we are goin out when I get back home drunken session is long overdue !	I need to learn how to not depend so much on alcohol, it's not good for my health.	0
Awful and incredibly unreliable service from car hire. They just could not be bothered! shocking neverusethemagain	I need to see what's causing me to feel so down and tired these days, haven't had a full week of school for a month now.	0
The amount of things I have to get done between now and Sunday is ridiculous.	Lucky I get a nice break from this in an hour.	0
The fact that I go to school then work I have no time to workout and it makes me sad when I'm not working ima go so hard tho	I want to reset my life. I have to be focused with my life.	0
am very disappointed by my holiday especially excursions and servicetwo complaints in one week nothappy	Even though there's been a flood up above me, I won't let it ruin my good time.	0
I'm so tiredthis week has been brutal. I got into bed at like 11pmand I'm wide awake. Can I just sleep?!	I have not finished my homework after printing two 6-paged papers. But I am sure I can finish it soon.	0
I wondered why today sucked until I realized it was Friday the 13th.. goodluck sickdog sad	Once I finish all of my work I will be able to spend my time in an enjoyable way!	0
I seriously need a vacation to a sunny hot beach with a pia colada in my hand	I think I am going to really enjoy having a day off in bed watching Star Wars because I'm sick.	0
Are you aloud to have your midlife crisis as a teen? Asking for a friend. crazy	Can't wait to have my license, so I can drive around	0
I literally feel like I'm the only one who doesn't know where I'm going next year.. sad	I have an English essay I have lot works upcoming I need to be productive.	0
Go to Sainsburys to buy some punched pocketsend up spending 60 on a wicker basket and some towels.	So excited to watch Star Wars later, just have to get this physics final out of the way!	0
been up for lil over an hr and i already know this is going to be the longest day of my life. didntsleep tired	At least by email notification from a certain someone gives me something to tweet about for a bit and may give me some motivation	0
Can't even sleep at the weekends now this is really getting me down oh well bit of American a Hustle and Word Chums it is then	I perform better when I don't tweet, and I was studying hard for my Spanish test and homework tomorrow	0
I'm tired as crap, I start work tonight, and I have this senior paper that I'm stressing over. excited	The bed feels heavy. You know why? Cause the weight of the world is on your shoulders. Goodnight, hopefully things will get better after a good night of sleep.	0
I would have plane problems first thing in the morning and feel bad that I could have broke it	Amazing food. Shout-out to the guys I saw on my way in	0
Why is it so hard to come up with my child a "first" name :(	It was a good day to treat myself to the spa and a game.	0
Didn't bring eye shadow that matched my dress or my shoes, plus I tried to curl my hair which didn't work and now it looks a mess	Even though things may be different for other people, I know that it ok.	0
Hate when I can't sleep, cuz I have too many things going through my mind  overwhelmed	Having a bad day but I’m positive that it’s going to get better within time.	0
I graduate in less than 50 days and every bit of those days will be the death of me	Not long till I'm done with the cars! I'm about half done!	0
Desperate times call for desperate measures. Non-alcoholic beer so I can pretend to unwind! PregnancyProblems	Math is a very easy subject. I will do my homework as soon as possible.	0
20 mins after ordering at stone house duffryn told duck not available, had to reorder now almost 50 mins later still waiting, popped in after a stressful visit to hospital to chill !!!!!!	Sometimes we experience setbacks, but there's always things to be thankful for	0
Crazy week. Working like crazy, packing, cleaning, painting and moving. And 13yrs you've been gone :(	Alexis must not have been saved.	0
Some days I don't want to talk to anyone, but other days all I want is someone to talk to me	I don’t like it much when I am lied to or when people mess up with my money.	0
Im just chillin all the time, drama free and ppl just tell me drama or try to put me into drama its like get away from me..Im chillin	Feel like I have absolutely no idea what direction my life is headed in anymore.  I'm so thankful I have the Lord to guide me through this.	0
How is it possible to be this tired and not be able to fall asleep!?	Despite the bad day, at least I had an opportunity to try a drink I never tasted: tea.	0
Not making flight. Now chilling until the next flight at 1:10am. My dad's advice: "have a glass of wine."	When our notes is not matching with the video we should not worry about it.	0
I have had the worst migraine for the past two days and I can't seem to be rid of it for some reason	Just 2 more weeks of schoolwork and then I will be free for Thanksgiving!	0
Eh do you think you could sort this weather out? We seriously need a dry day on Saturday for the Stoney Stroll!  fundraising stoneystroll mayshouldbenice	Putting my feet on the ground after having a weekend high gave me the push of reality I needed.	0
A 5 page paper, 4 or 5 tests, and this horrible migraine are between me and spring break.	Made a mistake at work yesterday and forgot to save my work. I'm going to go in early and re-do it so I can show my boss. Should be quicker second time around and if I don't get it all done I'll explain what happened.	0
So tired of being tired and stressed ALL the time! It doesn't make for a happy Kylie	From here on out, I will not get distracted by my feelings. I must focus on the important things!	0
Always the desire to do it my way forgetting that your plan is always better. frustrated	I hope I get to Utah safe and sound despite my mom not cooperating.	0
Thank god there is a bridal outlet shop in burton, found a wedding dress with less than a week to go	Lot of things going on my mind maybe, going to prom change that.	0
Here I am at the Hospital Once again..with Lil man!~My Son's Still n here..Still dont know what's wrong with him..But it's BAD!!	Bad day, but an opportunity to learn to deal with problems.	0
I seriously can't do AAU and summer league games. My body is being over worked. inpain	I care about people so much that even when I'm not treated well, I'm still nice to them. That's because I'm a good person and I should be grateful for that.	0
Damn didn't even know SAT was next Saturday Grrr have to find someone to cover me	I'm glad I have people who will still remember me when I'm gone even if it is just a faint memory for them.	0
Im soooo tired!! Why the 'eff is a helicopter flying about outside my bedroom window? Do people have no respect?!	My day have been bad since I heard Justin Bieber getting arrested, hope they will release him soon	0
& now should be asleep have a major exam tomorrow, pass or fail graded its graded as!!	I was conned by a guy claiming to be my boss, and credit card co. says I have to wait and dispute. Let this be a lesson to us all to be careful.	0
My kids homework ain't no joke. How can I encourage them to get good grades when I can't even get the damn problems. Some of my answers were wrong.	My internet isn't working. I'll have to find somewhere else to do FCAT explorer.	0
I hope my mom does not find out because if she does im fucked and praying	I need to investigate why the half past 7 36 from jennyfields has not turned up.	0
I feel defeated tonight. Things can't always be this hard, I need them to get easier. Uhh	This is why I love driving my car by myself.	0
Don't judgebut I don't have a cell phone yet and EVERYONE is bugging me to get one! But they R F'in EXPENSIVE! NoRoomInBudget	I have a lot of classes but it will all pay off when I graduate!	0
When I get home I'm going to grab my Super Black Eagle, at least one box of shells, and vent through a semiauto.	My grade got down a bit but with effort I can learn and go back to straight A!	0
Anyone near Ashton town centre fancy bringing me vodka? Tea just isn't cutting the mustard.	I'm learning more about Stalin's part in history, and some of it is pretty upsetting.	0
being an adult and making big girl decisions stinks. can i be a kid again?	I wish I was done with my finals so that I no longer have to worry about homework.	0
Blowing the rest of my overdraft when i've done so well has never been so tempting :(	Green tea with four drops of bachs gets my day better and I can be more productive	0
Feeling like a major dork checking my email every half hour to see if tsut sent out the seating assignments but I am	Looking for a bedroom set where everything matches down to the knob is challenging but fun too!	0
I could use a nice bonfire , scary movies, halo and ceiling putty with my bestfriend right now. tired	Sleepy time tea is amazing it works so well even after you have wound yourself up before bed.	0
12 hours of art homework.. Why do I want to be an art major? idiot	I hope my health improves so that I can study well for my exams and keep up with my essay submissions.	0
I'm so on edge 99% of the time that one comment can send me overboard.	Mortgage service could use improvement	0
Reading thru my interview guide and knowin its a week away is makin me nervous! Sorry in advance if im stressed this week!	Those days are getting harder and harder to have an all-day calm. I feel like I'm giving in.	0
This is looking to be one of the worst days I've had in a long time	I don't like that he waits till the last minute for prom purchases, but I love him anyway.	0
Not a happy bunny today ! . Need to hit some golf balls very very fuking hard !!!!	Maybe if I end my smoking habit I keep my job.	0
Once this crazy week is over I will be on the gym grind again toobusy	Finals week is going to be hard, but I'll do some work, and I'm sure I'll do well.	0
If only there was no school today, then i'd actually have a day to get everything ready for flordia!!!!!	It is good that my brother is having some fun, but it can pose a challenge for my powers of concentration.	0
Made a to do list for this week on my phone. As I had to scroll down to finish it.. I think I shed a tear thisweek..	I'm looking forward to recharging at home for a three day weekend.	0
Wake up thinking about all the tests and crap I have to do today. I need summer now. summer tired	I hope I can come up with an idea for a play quickly enough as it is due on Wednesday.	0
I'm so tired, I don't Wana be here, I just wanna talk to and lay down. Tired Confused	Why does my mom have to be sick she can't get better it makes me upset.	0
Lovely day shopping and lunch why is so hard to find a nice dress nowadays	It's the second week of school, and I already have a lot of homework to do. But it's okay, soon I'll finish all of it.	0
So tired of people picking fights with me, not accepting my apologies, and then telling me I need to apologize emotionallywornout	I feel like college is confusing and stressful. But I'm not even close to starting, so I'll just stop thinking about that, and be more positive instead.	0
Wish I could get some writing done tonight but I just can't find the drive tired	Time for me to learn how to control my emotions and not take my stress out on others.	0
ugh im so tired but i cnt sleep. not even the sound of rain and thunder helps.. fuckthisfeeling tired	I hope the coming days are better than today which has been very tough till now.	0
Feeling the pressure of the real estate transaction from the buyer side will make me even more compassionate towards my clients.	They'll win, we just have to be positive, and it will happen!	0
This chem exam is literally making me sick like I've felt like throwing up at least 20 times in the last hour chem	Prom is in 73 days, it will be so fun!	0
All these angry orchards are making me too jittery to sit in these ethyl chairs and watch the game	I hope going forward I learn from my mistakes and avoid repeating them again.	0
Over spring break I plan to take at least one week to do nothing but get my wisdom teeth out, be lazy, and sleep	I have reactivated my account for now. I hope it is not permanent.	0
That project made me want to cry!! Not sure if I want to deal with ACCPAC ever but it's not a choice :(	My portfolio is being reviewed! My future's being decided!!	0
My friend just told me he finished his CHRISTMAS shopping. Halloween hasn't passed I'm not the only one behind, right?	My concern for you means that I love you and I care about you.	0
Things don't seem so bad this Friday. Trying not to be this weekend. Enjoying working in the garden since it's cooler outside than it is inside with airconditioning. TGIF. Will deal with keeping electricity, shopping w/ foodstamps, cooking, etc on	Sometimes I wish people would appreciate that I am trying to talk to them and acknowledge the conversation.	0
So ready for this week to be over It's definitely taken it's toll on me. exhausted	I am thinking that I can find a job ill enjoy more soon	0
That annoying cousin that u love but u just wanna pimp slap a girl. U know wat Im saying	Things with my family could always be worse.	0
English teacher. Why have u set me quotes to do when all my coursework is due that day. NotHappening	Getting ready to start school, while have relatives in the hospital is rough.  Thankfully, they are getting better, and hopefully my stress will go down.	0
My computer isn't working and I don't know why!!!.why now that I have a lot of things to	Today wasn't the best day. I feel like I'm going to cry, but that's the pregnancy hormones talking, and I'm sure I'll be okay soon.	0
Packing last little things into my suitcase, why does it feel like i havent packed something i need!	I have to learn a lot for this test, and even if it's not useful I still value the knowledge	0
I have a phone, but my charger broke, so I now have a dead phone with no charger Any other problems you wanna throw at me, God?	After class, I'm going to pick up some more kush #Icantwait	0
Watching the Nevada game on the phone with my dad and hes 30 seconds ahead of me in the game	I hope I can find a good roommate soon as this search is kinda of getting frustrating now.	0
stressful week this well finals, 12 hours of dance practice, and 1St dance competition and its my bday on Wednesday:(	School hasn’t been easy since starting but I’m sure if I work hard at my homework I can get good grades.	0
I'm already stressing and beyond annoyed with this math quiz and it hasn't even been 15 minutes	I hope I find a better site than Ticketmaster to book all my tickets in the coming days.	0
At this point, im just ready to give it all up. But ive worked so hard. Who would of known it would be this hard.	What a challenge I had leaving the car part but I got it done.	0
Packing and making sure that u have everything for a 2 week vacation is hard	Devoting so much time to my thesis only gives me the certainty that it is becoming excellent.	0
thatannoyingmoment when you get papers in the mail on June 25, and they are due back in Halifax by June 30. notime	And in other news, my job has officially given us days we are required to work from home until further notice, so we can stay safe.	0
fuck ccea for putting chemistry additional maths and english lit all on the same week	I'm grateful I get the chance to go to college and receive the education I need to find my career.	0
Been waiting all day for this Florida game and I cant even watch it now	I guess I should know better than to make fun of my friend now my shoes are the wrong sizes too.	0
3 hours in first period I'm bringing my game face and a pillow, chorus here I come. sleeping youvegottobekidding	Its rather unfair that I'm asked to work even when its a holiday.	0
I would never wish the struggles that a teenage girl has to go through on anyone awful	Maybe a trip to a different place will help me unwind.	0
Everyone keeps messaging me asking if I have news. No. They forgot to email me. Or they havent reached a decision :(	Last few days before final. I have to study well	0
I hope I get this job at Rural King, ihavetobezen. I need more cash flow this job isn't cutting it.	Every day I lack less to return to my home and rest from college!!	0
I thought my last 2 semesters at GV would be the 2 with no scheduling issues and I would be able to breathe easy. WRONG. SO WRONG.	Even though I'm short fuse right now, I know later I'll be more chill	0
So it appears that Christmas shopping for mummy with a 2 yr old is a bad idea whoknew	There are some classes that make me question to come college	0
Now I've dreamed about it again, so hopeful to getting it off my mind :(	Snap test for Spanish tomorrow ELA paper due on Friday Science test also on Friday. I hope I can pull through.	0
Lordgive strength to Ahmad Jauhari Yahya, CEO of Malaysia Airways. The doomed MH Flights are calling for serious crisis mgmt!	I just wanted to go home... Spending New Years in the hospital was not on my to-do list. But I'm thankful I'm alive, and I'll be better soon.	0
Wtf is going on today? First, uncontrollable roadrage, now my nose won't stop bleeding ?	Got exceptionally enthusiastic today in Academy over a couple of shoes. It's been a two or three days, folks.	0
I hate when I know people purposely don't text me back or ignore me, it makes me crazy.	Normalize dealing with stress instead of the current norm	0
Is it really worth you making me cry and ruining a really big day to me..I guess so.	I hope the rest of 2018 turns out better for me that the first few months.	0
I don't often admit when I have a high stress level, but missing Christmas with my family + 5 mos of back pain + Dad in hospital =	I would be grateful if tomorrow could drag past slowly. I have so much to do and so little time, but that's good for me to learn how to manage my time better!	0
I have so much to do this week that I'm ready to cry just thinking about it.	Even though I'm scared and stressed, I need to understand that I can't do what I want because it's only going to make things worse.	0
At the courthouse and I really hope the lady who charges me doesn't show up so this case gets thrown out stressed needtogetnailed	I still have so much left to do before finals, but that's an opportunity to learn how to work under pressure.	0
Wiselar made it seem as if my essay REALLY REALLY REALLY REALLY SUCKED! Not good not good at all	One need to cope with stress when it happens, let me not think about it before it happens, as it won't make things any better.	0
i literally spent 30 minutes explaining why i can't get a b in honors bio because i want to be a bio chemist	There are only 8 days left for high school, I need to stay focused on those last days and everything will be fine.	0
When I finally get over you, you come to me like you want me to try to get you back. I hate being your second choice.	Feeling a bit tired and sick. Would like to be in a noise-free atmosphere for some time.	0
I hate waking up in the morning when all your worries come back to you, one by one	Need to destress and look after myself so I get over this cold quickly.	0
Crap I forgot I won't be at school tomorrow cause I have to get more CT scans.  I actually need/want to go to school tomorrow	I have to be up early, and I have had an awful night but at least I am doing a good thing in looking after the baby.	0
I Just Wanna Go Somewhere.. Cry and Scream and Let Everything Out.. "I'm Tired" Has Been More Easier To Say Lately stressed :/	It's time to see a doctor about these recent OCD issues I have and hopefully get treated so that I can avoid any potential issues outside.	0
I hate when you go to write a paper and then your mind goes blank. Ughh stressed	A double header in 4 and a half hours is a big challenge, and also an opportunity to improve my skills!	0
I need a Latin tutor.. which will be real hard to find since nobody in the world studies LATIN of all languages! This is stupid	Obviously, I lift so much in my suitcase, it wouldn't fit even my makeup. I will take something that is no longer important.	0
Between applying for ucas and loosing work because my memory pen breaks I think I am going to loose my mind!	It's time for me to clean and organize my room.	0
Some days you just need to go home right after class. Today was deff one of those days	Playing bingo does not seem to be easy, but I hope to get the hang of it very soon.	0
Day's dragging like mad! F**k everyone tweeting about early darts as well! ! Thanks god its Friday tomorrow.	There is still a lot to do, but I can do it. Keep trying until you get it.	0
is it wrong to look forward to your wedding being over to stop all the hassle? wedding	Mistakes are normal, now I know that I can rely on this teacher for the future.	0
theres only 10 minutes left commercials please please stop! not much time to tell us who is killed off?!	I hope I am able to juggle my college and personal life in the coming days so that I can manage them both well.	0
Trying to juggle school, swimming, work, having a social life and living is rather difficult	Trying not to let the little things stress me out, because I have a lot of good things that makes me happy!	0
If I make it through the next two weeks alive, I'll be the real MVP.	Cleaning the bathroom helps me improve my stress at night!	0
This year has been so freaking bad. I just want to go away for a while	Even though I may be a nervous wreck, I know that my thoughts aren't truly who I am.	0
Dead tired n Thirsty .. Can't wait Togo for a run tomorrow to clear my head	I can't wait till I get to have a nice break I deserve one.	0
If I don't go out at least once this weekend I'm gonna end up hurting someone..	I am well due for a nice break and a few drinks.	0
Do you feel ? Your monkey mind is the cause for this, useless thoughts constantly arise? Give a job to it, count your	Now I am not that organized as I was in social medias before. I hope to improve and be organized again.	0
I believe that cashiering isn't for me. only been 3 work days, but I don't see myself lasting. frustrated Maybe I'll try stock.	I would prefer not have practice today and just do my homework, but I know it's important to practice	0
The worst part about being ill is knowing that I'm missing work at college so close to the exams	I hope I get a good night's rest after the wank so that I can have a fresh start to the day tomorrow.	0
Finishing this essay is driving me insane!! baffled I've resorted to some old school music to get me through this!!	It would be nice if they had a Starbucks in Austin airport.	0
I hate when others push things back, so you have to do everything last minute.	I planned only big fruit salad in dinner.	0
So focused on studying for my 3 exams that I forgot to turn in my hw due at midnight..	Life is getting me down, but I'm looking at it as an opportunity for a fresh start.	0
so ready for this day to be over. ItsOnlySecondPeriod worst day ive had in a long time	Gonna crash so hard tonight but, I can do good on exams.	0
Them times you wanna munch down on ya food but there are spicey girls watching	My packet was sticking out of my bag. That doesn't necessarily mean I was cheating, but I'm ready to face any consequences and learn from this situation.	0
Worry pretends to be necessary but serves no useful purpose  Eckhart Tolle Worry Stress Anxious Anxiety	I have a few months to sort out my life but I know I can do it.	0
Group projects and labs are probably one of the worst things they could ever do it college	My bedroom looks like a tornado has hit it! However, I am thankful that I have one in the first place.	0
Life is just hard and harder when difficult people are around BC there issue become your problem	I'm so exhausted I could say I'm tired of tomorrow. Can't wait for a break.	0
I wish I just knew what I wanted to do with the rest of my life confused	Turning off my phone and going to have a lovely relax in the tanning bed, can't wait to get my tan.	0
Did you know stressed is desserts spelled backwards? Unwind with a our classic Carolina Mountain Apple Cobbler tonight.	I know coach is hard on me, but that's because he wants the best out of me.	0
I might lose my financial aid because I don't know what year the house I live in was built. Because that makes sense.	Good words make me happy	0
ah hate when im always in a bad mood with 6th year on top of it.	Choosing a major early is always a better idea.	0
She gives a a 1 page essay to write everyday when we walk in for bell work, then article of the week and now a 2 page essay	I'm finishing writing my articles, soon I'll be free.	0
Praying extra hard for Hubs today, because I don't know what else to do. He's beyond trying to put my worry in God's hands.	Even though this week has been insane, at least I still have time to clean my room and organize!	0
Running on little sleep, time to finish my project and start studying like there's no tomorrow! Can't wait till Wednesday! dead	Made a prediction about the team so either our teams right or I’m good at predictions. Both is a win.	0
Freaking out!! Too much going on at once!! My head is going to explode!! Ahhhhh!! stressed	Doesn't make sense to be worried about my family driving in the storm. If I trust myself in a similar situation, why should I underestimate them?	0
i have rearranged my room 4 times in the last 28 hours to be exact and im not doing well. kinda going mad.	I‚Äôm constantly working but I really have shown how driven and motivated I am working all the time.	0
So much work, so little time :( 2 tests tomorrow and an big assignment due..and I didn't get home until 7:30 and haven't eaten yet	After my talk with my roommate hopefully he’ll begin turning down the tv.	0
Eyes are falling out of my head I am that tired  faith decided today of where we are moving to	A glass of wine would help me get over my tiredness.	0
I am In the gym 5 days a week. I eat clean 5 days a week. Yet I don't see the results I want. I don't know what I am doing wrong.	I ordered a book to rent online last night but I need the preview of it now and I hope somebody will help me find it.	0
I seriously need to get this book read tonight so I can do Ochem in the morning ughhh	I am hoping to hear from someone soon about housing.	0
Getting Ready For College Is Kinda Stressful !  Especially When You're The 1st In Your Family To Go ! help lost	I'm going to be disappointed if there isn't an elevated surface emoji by the time the big game comes around!	0
Ugh once I get through this last test tomorrow I can just chill, look forward to seeing Ethan and then coming home in a few weeks	I am going to take the best nap on the plane though.	0
Just because the problem is fixed doesn't mean I have to be happy with the solution.	Less than 24 hours to go for surgery. Hope good thing will happen.	0
Have a really bad headcold and swollen glands starting exam time and i do don't need this	It has been very stressful lately, but there are plenty of things in my life to be thankful for.	0
Hate when an advertisement for a Univetsity comes up on t.v and your parents start asking you what you wanna do after Grade.12	I am having many works I should complete it soon.	0
Phones is dead from talking on the phone with lea and talk to westly natalie and ashley on fb	I am sure God will help me when I sit for the most difficult subject’s exam tomorrow.	0
Took too much melatonin. If I don't wake up tomorrow y'all know wtf happened. mistake	I am learning a lot from my coursework and training.	0
This day is just slowly going down the  Why can't i just understand this stuff	Now it's time to go to bed. I might go to work tomorrow.	0
There are good days and bad days. Today seemed to be a bad day sad toomuch	I am feeling stressed about the product launch but at least the product will be launched so that's good.	0
so stressed out because don't understand how to do the presentation for my class tomorrow	I am upset that my dad is too far away to fix my car, but I can just take it to a mechanic.	0
So I'm seriously considering my back up plan if I don't get into uni next year.	I hope people understand when they have to speak about their activities.	0
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK.FuuuuuUUUUCK!!!!!!! >;. <; I need a break from life :'( tired DONE	Still I am not able to have any of my teams in championship games I think it takes time	0
IndieFLL: You're all beautiful. And I love every single one of you. Talk to me, I'm here. imaboy stressed	Really need to learn how to let myself take a break and relax. Realizing that is half the battle though.	0
I hate knowing that the hsc is so close and how much work that still needs to be done..	The amount of geography that I have to learn in the next 14 hours will help me be better	0
I seriously have no time for anything. Like can I just have a week off at life, thats all I need right now.	I am happy that I finally understood the content of history, I was not understanding it until then.	0
Dear travis, call the fucking contractor back! I wanna be able to afford prom. Subway isn't paying the bills broke	I'm pretty sure someone in need is going to try to do anything to fix his/her life, I just need to be more patient around people.	0
Feel so alone and don't even have the time to do anything about it. lonely	I know I can get through today and get some well-deserved rest when it's over.	0
why is it so difficult to find a decent place to live for next year	RIght now, I feel depressed, but I know this feeling will pass.	0
I should of went to school tired of people arguing about food, who takes showers, and who comes and goes..	Tomorrow will be a more challenging day, but I am up to the challenge and I get to watch some decent stuff, so there's something to look forward to.	0
Never in my life have I had such a hard time finding a job. Does anybody know of anywhere hiring? Please let me know.	Our internet is not working right now, but I know that I can find another way to access the internet so that I can do my studies.	0
You guys I'm a little nervous about how busy my world will be on 1/5 - eek! blessed yet !	Bring stuck in traffic today allowed me to watch a really unusual scene with a limo broken down on the way to the wedding.	0
two more stories to read, then i'm goign to bed and waking up at 8 to cram before the test	The good thing about this situation is that the store that sold my dress is not the only clothing store in the world.	0
Study study study study eat study study study sleep study study studystory of my life :-/	With a lot of information being released by the government about education, it is natural that schools and teachers were stressed and confused, but it is necessary to understand that this information is to help, not confuse.	0
All i want to do is go for a run down middle beach road. .	My contact wasn't able to get me the hookup they were talking about but at least they tried.	0
My brain is so fried from making up classes and Christmas dances but I love my job	If anyone irritates me I will be very sad.	0
Not sure if I can sleep tonight or not, but about to try I need a cuddle buddy :(	I was worried when I watched Free Willy but I know it's just a movie	0
Crazy response once we posted that our house was for rent. Was about 2 pull out of the cruise do 2 increased anxiety.	Sometimes, men don’t behave properly, and I wish I could pack up and move away.	0
UGH!!!! Half way done with final research paper, the laptop is dying and I left my extra charger at work!! thestruggle	my e-mail is broken, i'll have trouble to fix it,	0
Making the decision as to where I wanna go to college is making me really sad.	People make stupid comments about Nigerians, the right thing is for me not to listen to them	0
My tattoo says no limits but I think I just reached mine Annoyed NoMorePatience ****	I hope to succeed in setting up this Twitter account though I am not good in technology.It will help me improve further.	0
Sick kid-o again!! Now I have to figure out how to get all my work done b4 holidays w/out my sweet riley not being in school	It's 7 PM, I'm still at work marking student assignments, and I'm hungry and cold, but that happens every day, so It's okay.	0
I could really use a drink right about now! needsleep but my poor baby's sick	Even though I'd like to hide right now, I'm thankful I have the strength to fight my battles.	0
I'm sorry I've been so a set you guys, I've been having health issues and just started school	There are errors which happen related to credit but mistakes happen in life so it's normal.	0
Someone who isn't Hung over or still intoxicated please bring me some sprite. Why do I make myself do sick	Literally going through 4 different Black Friday I need to get and what time.	0
I'm so stressed. I need today to fly by so I can just relax. Worst sleep of my life.	Even though there is much going on, I'm very certain that I will make it all work.	0
Someone told me to "slow down" today. I said, "No". Maybe I need to get my priorities straight.	I hope that the decisions I've made these past to years will benefit my future.	0
I feel ya. But its unhealthy to stress so just get some sleep " : Need sleep.. But that's nearly impossible	I need to study and get that out of the way, so I can go home and rest!	0
WHAT IS THIS? MY DAD IS FORCING ME TO WATCH GOD'S CHANNEL AGAIN. LIKE..?WE JUST CAME BACK FROM CHURCH. WE JUST FINISH PRAISING GOD	After a long day taking care of my kids I will be able to relax and have a little "me" time!	0
Gonna fail my anatomy exam tomorrow. I can feel it. My brain just can't memorize all of this at one time. overload	I got worried thinking my homework was due tonight, and I left my backpack at work. But fortunately, it's due tomorrow.	0
Didn't get a phone call tonight because my mom took forever to leave the fuckin house!! out not a good day!	Always be grateful to have finished another day	0
I don't know what's worse. Having this final tomorrow or not knowing what's on it.	I'm so lucky that maternity clothes exist they might not be the most attractive but at least they fit.	0
Had a whole week of spring break, doing nothing, and now is when im doing my school work.	I should maintain patience until my computing project works.	0
I wish there was something that told me what I'm supposed to do in life, like where I'm meant to end up.	The "worst" only exists because of the "better" 's existence. In this way, I have no doubt the unfortunate days will over.	0
no. i cant work in groups, i stress out so much cause i know that all the group is going to fail no no	School can be very busy in November, but I know we'll all get through this month together and enjoy the rest of the year.	0
I really hate when life throws me curveballs :/ don't even know what to do -_-	i know i'll be better after spring break, so i need to focus on school and learn more.	0
grew up with a severe misconception that uni life is all about having fun.why did no1 ever mention the study pressure to me? :(	I'm so happy I'm done with all the paperwork, not I get to relax and enjoy my week!	0
Just finished my homework and studying for the sat that I started 3 hours ago. ill mad	Even though I wish I was somewhere else, I'm glad I'm able to get some sleep and rest.	0
In that stage where I love psychology yet hate it at the same time toomuchtolearn	If my boss goes out of town again it will be a good opportunity to practice patience with my coworkers!	0
This sucks. I feel like nothing is my choice Last I knew this was my day not yours.	Difficult situations have taught me that God is the only one who can really help me.	0
My house stresses me out something awful! Sooner I get a decent job, quicker I can get my own flat again!	Today's the day where I'm done with my long ap test, my research exam, finish clearance and book report!	0
I cannot wait until Tuesday is over! So many papers to write by then! I hate my procrastination!	Not having the best time at cheer camp but I will know for next time that I’m not a fan.	0
iPhones are rubbish all my pics are gone!Good job I saved them on laptop stressed Roll on my upgrade!! Apple u better impress me	Busy night will only fill me with big prizes After my hard work.	0
Can I just find a hot, rich guy on Tinder so I can drop out of this awful place called school	I am going to find out how to prevent more nosebleeds so that I can enjoy the holidays.	0
I wish I didn't clench my teeth in my sleep, the pain when I wake up is horrible	I just need to tell myself after my 11 hour work day tomorrow, I will be able to sit back and relax.	0
Season 2 of both Pose and Big Little Lies are Premiering on the same night as the Tonys. Its still a month and a half away and Im already	I care about people opinion so I can be a better human being.	0
Need to start doing some serious thinking!!! The only thing that's gonna help is vodka!!	I need to rent a room in Exeter.	0
I wish this crazy amount of stress wasn't affecting my sleep as well as my appetitethese four exams need to piss off	Trying not to have a nervous breakdown over the Texas mississippi road I have to prepare my mind for that.	0
can time slow down please, i have way too much work to do and I've still got to look for a placement	I'm grateful for my mom to give me food during work, but I need to improve my communication to avoid having a cookie swap during the exam period.	0
Desperately need a vacation and to disappear for a little while. Is it weird to go to a tropical island by yourself???	I'm learning to deal with the obstacles in my life, it might be tiring, but I will keep trying.	0
I swear if someone comes at me with a Pacquaio insult tomorrow, I'm gonna cut you or beat the crap out of you!	Work is very long and difficult but one day I will be rich because of it!	0
I'm so tired of classes, practices, rehearsals, and meetings. D': Can I just have a break, a Vanilla Bean Frap and a back massage?	I hope there is not too much homework waiting for me when I go back to school next week.	0
I just wanna sit in my hot tub with a bottle of wine and watch tonight's ranger game on DVR travelingallday	On the off chance that whatever else turns out badly I'm go thump life on the head, not awesome.	0
Some people's inability to find their seat number on a train, how difficult can it be	I hope my dad starts to give proper instructions while driving.	0
Spent all day in the library doing work and I still haven't even made a dent in the amount of work I have to do drowning	After hockey, I will call and explain. Missing you Noah. I am good, hoping all is good with you.	0
Feel stressed? says smash it out! We talk breaking bottles and big screen TV's tonight @ 7:15	I hope I am able to recover over 7500 of my pics that are presently missing after I transferred it from external hard drives.	0
If I have a million things to be thankful for, why do I get so down? I need to not let the little things that bother me become the big things.	When you think you've learned your lines but there is actually a whole page you forgot to upload! Lots to learn for actors from these kind of errors and be more careful.	0
Oh and I gotta find a new OB ASAP cuz mines too far and is too hard for me to get to now	Excellent infrastructure masked by poor traffic sense. I have to learn to be calm in traffic	0
Do I walk in or go home cause I don't wanna walk in then have to walk back out!!!!!!!!!!??!???!!? stressed	I'm sure that Elearning and AMS will be up and running soon and then I can get some notes so I'm super prepared tomorrow.	0
Unless you want to see mean Jayme I advise everyone to keep your distance from me this week.	Financial journalism gave me the opportunity to realize that I have the tenacity to do hard work, which is why I love it!	0
Now I have four questions left, two the longest, and the other two I am just going braindead on	I need to decide what career I'm going to go into. I have a lot of choices.	0
Feeling stressed !!!!! Wish I could take my daughters pain away. Her poor knee is really messed up.	The weather is bad and I have an exam tomorrow but after tomorrow it will be all over.	0
**********URGENT********** Guys please help me re-write Standing In The Dark In Chapman Square! Wattpad has deleted all 5parts :'(	Im glad I have a good education so ill have momey to support my family in the future	0
I have no time to be excited about the fact that I'm leaving for Europe Thursday night bc of all the frkn shit I have going on stressed	I am tired after my day’s work, and I hope I can freshen up a bit and study for tomorrow’s exam.	0
Right now I cannot keep saying ill fit my revision in another day need to finnish and its getting scary arrr!	I am all excited to be in the final semester of chef schools which ends up in the next month.	0
I finally understand the zombie apocalypse. I may make it to the 21st alive but I'll only be part of the living dead.	I'm hungry, but I don't have much of an appetite right now so hopefully later I will!	0
I need Christmas holidays to come faster. I cant look at all this homework anymore	I have been sick all weekend because of working with difficult people. I need to learn to stress less about them.	0
I'm sorry to everyone I've ignored or been rude to lately. I just need some space and relaxation. tired	Not performing well when stressed is normal but performance can go back to normal when not stressed.	0
looked at my bank acct and almost passed out pls send all posi vibes I get accepted for this job I should be hearing about this week (I wish I could stop tweeting about this but I am and sad)	I made a new Twitter account, because I lost my pin of the previous account, but that's okay, it can happen to anyone	0
My mind been so heavy lately, trying to keep my head up but it's just taking over.	I know that I will figure out what to do with my life, I have enough time to think about it!	0
Not really had a breakdown about my uni work to say it's a week till degree show goes up think today is gonna be the day!	It's bothers me a little to sit through this long seminars, but I know they are really important for my education so I will pay attention.	0
I just wana change the world and fix everyone's problems, that's all I wana do helpless hopless tired	Despite the news they gave me, I have a big test to do tomorrow.	0
I am past stressed I am too my limit where I have a emotional breakdown tired	Anyone want to see a movie tonight? I need to clear my head.	0
Thank god that days over. And still got revision to do! Fuck fuck fuck arghhhhhhhhhh!!!!	Struggling to keep my eyes open, pushed myself a little too hard, need to learn how to pace myself!	0
Something needs to change! Either you be more understanding, or I learn to bite my tongue.	I can't wait to put the events of the past year behind me and get in a better shape both mentally and physically.	0
So much to do, so little time. That line is applying to a lot, 24/7.	The same apartments keep popping up in my search. Maybe I should take that as a sign.	0
To do today: Finish fixing the computer cuz Windows is bullshit. Then deep clean my room for Zak coming over tomorrow. Then hopefully indoctrinate into the grim dark of Warhammer 40k. darkheresy	So tired. Gonna sleep for 8 days	0
but seriously I just want to cuddle a small fluffy animal so all of my worries would vanish for even just a short while.	Once exams are over I will get to enjoy so much time with my friends!	0
So behind in my classes that I don't even know where to pick up where I left off	It's around 9 weeks left on my degree, and sometimes I feel I want to drop out. But I'm stronger than this, so I'll keep going, and everything will be fine.	0
Omg these calls are making me wanna kill myself leave me alone!!, I'm only trying to help!! >;:(	I'm having a challenging time with this transaction, so I'm going to find a different company to work with.	0
I've been shoveling snow for an hour and every time I get done with one end of my driveway the other half is covered yet again.	I have a lot of work to carch up on at school and several invitations to send out	0
I've been trying to email you all morning and for some reason they won't send!!	Tomorrow I'll have a day with no frustrations!	0
I could use a gummy right about now. stressed freakingout I need to relax be calm and quit overthinking things	Laughter is the best medicine.	0
There is so much on right now. USOpen finals. Patriots game and the RedSox / Yankees game. hahahahahaha	I need to learn to be more patient and deal with my anger in a better way.	0
Bailey had to go to vet yesterday for fluids. Still not eating bg low got pb then dangerous low got honey and ate food	My baby and I are sick, but we will both be better really soon.	0
Seriously going to crack a beer after registration tomorrow cause I deserve it, idgaf if it's 6 am	I hope I get my health sorted out soon so that I can start finishing all my pending work.	0
I want to throw my computer at the office out of the window why is it so god dammed slow when I have some important stuff to finnish?!	My computer is giving me issues but I just have to be patient to let it configure itself and it will be up and working in no time.	0
why do I keep having negative dreams when I sleep.. what happen to the unicorns and rainbows..	Im so lucky that I can get movers to sort out this move two hours and it will be sorted.	0
I really hate being off on the week days , like wtf am i supposed to do? Fckn new girl stole my hours  really	Not everyone becomes a brain surgeon because people should do different things.	0
I never thought I would have a hard time deciding if I wanted to go to Devon's for a weekend toomuchtogetdone	A gin at 5 p.m is a good relaxation for a bad day.	0
Arghhh broken sleep again so have resorted to a 5 am online shop Stress I hate you let me sleep  overthinking cantsleep	I hope to find a way to decide what I want to do for the rest of my life.	0
I've never had as much headaches with a game as I have with the Shadow costume dlc on SonicForces on Xbox, Its been 4 days now I've been complaining and getting useless advice that does nothing Tired	I still haven't found any place on this campus for me to study with a peaceful atmosphere.	0
ridiculous how long i have to sit through ads on 4OD just trying to get 2 seconds worth of info from this show	Wednesday? Stressed? Anxiety? Traffic? Train? Car? Tired? If you're feeling a little worn, we are here to help!	0
So does anyone else know that frantic moment in life when you can't even find ONE bobby pin???	My new job offers opportunities to improve my memory.	0
Im going to need to find something other than positive self talk to make it through October without a mental breakdown!	I am somewhat tired, and it’s time to make my next move.	0
That awful moment when your so stressed you have to just lay down so you don't have an anxiety attack	I'm going to do my best to control my emotions today.	0
it's been the hardest four weeks of my life and i still have a long way to go	I'll do my best so I can make a good finals next week	0
My mom's sick in the hospital, and my cat's sick with an infection. I called out at work this morning, then got a call from my boss saying they never got that message! I don't want any more stress today please!	People maybe upset at me next week, but I'll still love myself.	0
One of those mornings where i think maybe i should quit and travel the wOrld,, or maybe i just need a hOliday :(	I'm so stressed right now. I have someone to help me.	0
I really have too much to do to be sick!! I need to get the house clean and reorganize baby clothes before I go in!!	Well guys my phone just broke but at least I can still use it to tell you what happened.	0
Too many weird ass names of the muscles and bones in the body!!!! How am I gonna remember all of this?!?	Even though I've been angry lately, I've been feeling extremely thankful, all things considered.	0
If all u can tell me is how BAD I am at something then plz don't ever watch me do it again and leave me alone! disappointed	When the dress you'd like is out of stock until March 2016 can be frustrating. I need to start making a point of planning ahead.	0
Sitting here Thinking was told that my Boyfriend will be facing prison time stressed TwitterFamous ILoveMyGod	That time I thought my phone was in the washing machine and tore it open like a mad woman- I was so glad it wasn't in there after all.	0
It's 3pm, I'm already sick and tired of doing schoolwork and just want to get day drunk. college studentlife	It is not very easy to choreograph a 45min show performed by 8year olds in less than 2 months, but it is possible with some hard work.	0
It felt like it took half an hour to get this Uber but it was only 10 minutes.	If I work hard right now, I can deliver my reports and my reports by the two-week deadline.	0
It just hit me that I have a mid term and an assignment due next week, I swear we just got back from the break?	I'm going to learn how to control my temper.	0
90+ bets every half hour , must be start of prem is it ? manic	I'm a little worried about math but I'm just going to study and do my best.	0
I wish money was never an issue. Ever. The world would be better off without it causing stress. stressed headache	Although I feel insecure about the future, and covid fatigue has taken a toll on me, I'll do my best to get through these hard times	0
I just want it to be Friday and skip over this awful mess of my life.why does doing the right thing feel so wrong?	It's great to have so much good music to choose between.	0
lackofsleep HateEarlyMornings skin is all breaking out and feel like shite!! :'( need time off!!	I should start going to the loo before class so that I don't have to pee during class.	0
Hands down one of the worst nights of my Furman careerso far 2 midterms tomorrow and a concert report due	Focus on your positives, you are capable and worth it! Keep improving a living a healthy life!	0
Why is every big project or essay for every class due in the same week??	I'm glad I can spend the end of my day with a good bowl of ice cream.	0
M4&M49 were bloody horrendous. Finally found my way to the Timbrell household for the next two days though	I just need to keep working on myself until I find it wrong.	0
Deciding to apply for Student Finance for next year this late at night was a bad idea	I have to learn to deal with situations when they don't turn out as I want, always trying to improve	0
oh no! Haha! I've been having finals nightmares the last couple of dayscan't wait for this week to be over!	I am nervous for my History EOC but I am confident in my skills.	0
I seriously wanna hire someone to rub my feet and tickle my back and play with my hair every night.	Even if Americans don't get many dais of paid vacations and holidays at least they have high wages.	0
Let's see if I actually make it to my class at 5 today on time. work tired	I know that everything bad is temporary and better things will come!	0
Ayoo ?? How I just smacked tf out my lip with my phone just now b	These new emoji's look interesting	0
how comes i passed all six units and i failed one which was simplest,Mr Lecturer God is watching u.. :-(	I hope I get a good night's sleep after I am done with my midterm.	0
Eating for the first time today. I hate eating! This is so stressful! eatingdisorders hateeating	I am glad that the Latin period is over first thing in the morning. The rest of the day should be a breeze.	0
I really just want a girls night out and go out to the bar or club	I hope to succeed in meeting my financial needs, registering for school, new set of tires, tune up, a new alternator, car insurance and so on.	0
I made the right decision too late in the game and now I'm paying for it.	I have some tough choices to make between my state qualification or my trip to Florida, but I love both of my choices!	0
I hate the end of the school year because teachers try to cram everything they missed into one month	I need to start organizing my work at school and start getting ahead of the schedule quick enough.	0
Beyond stressed and I'm seriously reaching my over it point like these people could careless what's really going on exhausted	The weekend is finally here. I've been waiting for this for months. I'm as ready as I'll ever be.	0
Snow and no roof on the house = abit chilly!! But 2 hours sleep and another day of hammering Think im going to loose my marbles!!	Waiting for the train can be boring but it will come at some time at least.	0
Buy stuff from eBay doesn't ship to Ireland Well sick my balls would u ever !!	Next time we book flights for our family vacation, I'm going to make sure there are no standbys, and we have room to handle any of these issues.	0
So sick of talking about graduation and college. Like stop. That's all I hear about 24/7	Books have gotten expensive, but I know they'll help me achieve my bachelors degree.	0
In need of a spa day bad!! I really need some peace, relaxation, and mommy time!!!	Getting as prepared as possible for the 4 tests I'll take this week!	0
Aargggh this essay has my head done in :( why is havard refrencing so aggy!!!	High school is very tough, and I would be happy to drop out of it.	0
I may just be bald by time I get a house!! To much stress comes with this crap.	Even though I have tough choices to make, I'm glad I'm glad I'm able to make such hard decisions.	0
Dad said I need to make a decision soon on where I want to go to school	I will not worry about these things because I got more important things to do.	0
Why can't I get a check every two weeks just for going to college ? Why do I have to work long hours AND go to school ?	Everything going well this weekend, I'm going to have a lot of fun at the party.	0
the last time ul hold their warm hand, kiss their warm forehead , I love my dear special and loving Uncle..	Looking for time only takes time, so sometimes I need to do things at that very moment.	0
Whenever a sunday is not filled with football I feel like I spend the entire day just thinking about my problems	After I spend time alone I will feel better.	0
If teachers want us to pass finals They need to stop giving fucking homework durning finals week !!! hateteachers retards	View our new unfurnished flat 2day only to find it furnished	0
yo he said it's 1 to 19, except for chapter 18. :/gonna be a long night!	They are singing for a long time, I must tolerate this.	0
Ugh - Ive a twitch in my eye on and off for the last few days. How does one conduct an election in these times.	I hope I am able to buy a new laptop so that I can work in peace.	0
Went to work at 615a, dr appt at 1030. Richards at home very sick. Puppy is only 9 weeks.	I paid my sister 2 and a kit kat for a back massage; she is excellent!	0
Omg seriously struggling to sleep! Grr!! I get pissed off that i cant sleep which makes me not sleep even more!!	I am eagerly waiting for these stressful GCSES to be over, so that I can set out to enjoy with my friends.	0
Never let a person try to change u an how u are to make them happy its a lot of people that are stressed and they will try to throw it on u cause they miserable	I had issues coming home from the hospital but at least I am out so that's good.	0
I need a very zen environment to be around right now, and this house isn't one.	Am I the only one stressing out? I'm going to get through this and learn to stay very calm like many of the others!	0
Started a nasty habbit again , ugh this stress is gonna kill me i need a break !	I've accomplished a lot and will continue to do so after this quick nap.	0
The first thing I do when I get home an hour late from work is go directly outside and chain smoke	I really want a piercing, it is always on my mind	0
dear god, please give ms o'reilly the wisdom to move the annotated bib due date so it's not thursday. amen iwillcry	Right now I feel emotionally broken, overwhelmed and stressed. But, I'm going to get professional help, and I'm sure I'll be fine.	0
Do you ever feel stressed about something silly and unimportant because it's too difficult to think about the actual big things you're stressed about? Yeahme neither	Been back in the UK for 9 hours and I can't wait for my next holiday.	0
I love my work fam more than anything, but if I have to go into work like this, I'm going to be job hunting again. :(	It's hard to find time to do anything during senior year.	0
Brain freeze. Not cut out for studying and dreading a whole 3 hour closed book exam tomorrow :-(	I will be happier after this drink of whisky!	0
After today and the past couple days I think I deserve a little self medication.	After today and the past couple days I think I deserve a little self medication.	0
Mama In The Hospital With Pain And A Sick Father Back At Home With My Sanity Goin Out The Window.	Mama In The Hospital With Pain And A Sick Father Back At Home With My Sanity Goin Out The Window.	0
It seriously stresses me out trying to figure out my windshield whispers everytime it rains. idontgetit	It seriously stresses me out trying to figure out my windshield whispers everytime it rains. idontgetit	0
Its time for me to go to bed and prepare my self for a long day. Goin	Its time for me to go to bed and prepare my self for a long day. Goin	0
honestly whatta horrible day! this has def been one of the worst weeks ever and its not over yet :(	honestly whatta horrible day! this has def been one of the worst weeks ever and its not over yet :(	0
What's the point of filling out 50 pieces of paper that all say the same thing and having to have 2 different physicals?	What's the point of filling out 50 pieces of paper that all say the same thing and having to have 2 different physicals?	0
last night was such a dramatic night. maybe a good time to take a nap.	last night was such a dramatic night. maybe a good time to take a nap.	0
It's turning out to be another stressful day at work. I'm thinking a movie might be in order tonight.	It's turning out to be another stressful day at work. I'm thinking a movie might be in order tonight.	0
I will finish this 1000 piece puzzle in 1 day Also Me: - Three days have passed stil no closer to finishing puzzle. May take twenty more years	I will finish this 1000 piece puzzle in 1 day Also Me: - Three days have passed stil no closer to finishing puzzle. May take twenty more years	0
I get enough of this crap at work I don't need it from you too.	I get enough of this crap at work I don't need it from you too.	0
So this outline is about to be 7 pages since we have to have every damn thing on it or we get marked down	So this outline is about to be 7 pages since we have to have every damn thing on it or we get marked down	0
You think you know someone and then you realize you know nothing about them frustrated Whydoidothis	You think you know someone and then you realize you know nothing about them frustrated Whydoidothis	0
Lost 3 and a half hours of working time yesterday due to remote access issues at work. Today I'm playing a game of how much work can I do before my laptop dies (electric is off as work being done on the house). Joys of working from home! WorkFromHome	Lost 3 and a half hours of working time yesterday due to remote access issues at work. Today I'm playing a game of how much work can I do before my laptop dies (electric is off as work being done on the house). Joys of working from home! WorkFromHome	0
Not pleased that I have to wait until Monday to find out about this job sickofwaiting	Not pleased that I have to wait until Monday to find out about this job sickofwaiting	0
I seriously hope these grades in the computer aren't up to date or ima be in some serious trouble..  worried	I seriously hope these grades in the computer aren't up to date or ima be in some serious trouble..  worried	0
Literally don't make the scholarship cut off at Marymount by 20 points on my SAT	Literally don't make the scholarship cut off at Marymount by 20 points on my SAT	0
Sometimes I seriously feel like my life is a one way street but I'm driving in the wrong	Sometimes I seriously feel like my life is a one way street but I'm driving in the wrong	0
Not feeling this game. Was really hoping the Cubs would go up 2-1 in the series.	Not feeling this game. Was really hoping the Cubs would go up 2-1 in the series.	0
It's just too much goin on! I just need a "turn your phone off and close the blinds" kinda chill day. tired	It's just too much goin on! I just need a "turn your phone off and close the blinds" kinda chill day. tired	0
I don't even have a day to study each subject , I am fucked !	I don't even have a day to study each subject , I am fucked !	0
tryna be me is a lil harder than i thought! Haz, i once thought. Ei hayi yeka	tryna be me is a lil harder than i thought! Haz, i once thought. Ei hayi yeka	0
Booking flights on a Spanish computer could possibly the most irritating and complicated thing I've ever done annoyed	Booking flights on a Spanish computer could possibly the most irritating and complicated thing I've ever done annoyed	0
Why?" "Why them?" "Why us?" "Why now?" "Why is this happening?" "Why?" "Why?" "Why?" thoughts	Why?" "Why them?" "Why us?" "Why now?" "Why is this happening?" "Why?" "Why?" "Why?" thoughts	0
Sometimes you realize you don't want something anymore then it's too late to back out I feel like the world is caving in on me	Sometimes you realize you don't want something anymore then it's too late to back out I feel like the world is caving in on me	0
It's one of those times when it is not acceptable to cry, but yet that's all I want to do	It's one of those times when it is not acceptable to cry, but yet that's all I want to do	0
thats it, i've been in the WORST mood of mankind for 5 days straight wtf losingit	thats it, i've been in the WORST mood of mankind for 5 days straight wtf losingit	0
Tsss i wouldnt be surprised if these SAT's are the death of me difficult praying	Tsss i wouldnt be surprised if these SAT's are the death of me difficult praying	0
Soooo fuqn I jst want 2 punch a few holes in the wall n scream.	Soooo fuqn I jst want 2 punch a few holes in the wall n scream.	0
Finding out that I will have 3 random roommates next year<;<;<; and my car window got smashed in tonight<;<;<; bringitonlife upset	Finding out that I will have 3 random roommates next year<;<;<; and my car window got smashed in tonight<;<;<; bringitonlife upset	0
 fucked Didn't study today , have a lot to do ."Rou2e :')	 fucked Didn't study today , have a lot to do ."Rou2e :')	0
so over this weekend and everyonecan i skip to wednesday already and be home tired	so over this weekend and everyonecan i skip to wednesday already and be home tired	0
When your to-do is getting as long as your arm and you don't even know where to begin toomuchtodo solittletime	When your to-do is getting as long as your arm and you don't even know where to begin toomuchtodo solittletime	0
*sigh* Whoever u are that processed my paperwork late at work I am not happy with you at all.	*sigh* Whoever u are that processed my paperwork late at work I am not happy with you at all.	0
Gonna be my worst January so far! Mums got a hairline fracture in her leg, so I have to be mum for 4 weeks and I have exams	Gonna be my worst January so far! Mums got a hairline fracture in her leg, so I have to be mum for 4 weeks and I have exams	0
Popped the high e string on my guitar Just what I want to do @ 10:04p.m change a stupid e string!!! enragged	Popped the high e string on my guitar Just what I want to do @ 10:04p.m change a stupid e string!!! enragged	0
I'm tired  and i don't know if it's a sleepy tired or just tired of life stressed	I'm tired  and i don't know if it's a sleepy tired or just tired of life stressed	0
my school has given me less then 5 weeks to learn a whole gcse subject.	my school has given me less then 5 weeks to learn a whole gcse subject.	0
Looking after 2 hot and grumpy children by myself today then straight to work this eve :( helpme	Looking after 2 hot and grumpy children by myself today then straight to work this eve :( helpme	0
Hate the feeling of being exhausted, but yet i still cant sleep! Drives me mad! .	Hate the feeling of being exhausted, but yet i still cant sleep! Drives me mad! .	0
Teacher decides to email out an essay question this morning for the midterm due in class by 3:30 this afternoon ..	Teacher decides to email out an essay question this morning for the midterm due in class by 3:30 this afternoon ..	0
this has been a long day and its only 3pm plus i have work tonight.. ugh	this has been a long day and its only 3pm plus i have work tonight.. ugh	0
Haven't been this sad in a long time. Wish I had a Tina in my life	Haven't been this sad in a long time. Wish I had a Tina in my life	0
update your alert system because a failed alert didn't show up until 6 hours after I'd already received a fee	update your alert system because a failed alert didn't show up until 6 hours after I'd already received a fee	0
It doesn't seem to matter how many years I've gone since quitting smoking, sometimes I just really want a cigarette	It doesn't seem to matter how many years I've gone since quitting smoking, sometimes I just really want a cigarette	0
You know your tired when you throw a tantrum outside trying to put a duvet on the washing line and it's too windy to put up	You know your tired when you throw a tantrum outside trying to put a duvet on the washing line and it's too windy to put up	0
I just realized this weekend I only had not even 10 hours of sleep combinedhopefully I can get more sleep	I just realized this weekend I only had not even 10 hours of sleep combinedhopefully I can get more sleep	0
Overslept, missed the bus, nobody is home nobody will answer their phone.. WHAT THE HECK DO I DO!?	Overslept, missed the bus, nobody is home nobody will answer their phone.. WHAT THE HECK DO I DO!?	0
I have ib exams my body needs to figure it's issues out and stop being sick I don't have time for this dying	I have ib exams my body needs to figure it's issues out and stop being sick I don't have time for this dying	0
I would be the one to go to the bus &amp; realize school is closed  I'm d	I would be the one to go to the bus &amp; realize school is closed  I'm d	0
Hate the fact I am going to have to go out in the cold night whilst feeling depressed and anxious because someone has ran out of something and can't wait until tomorrow afternoon for me to go shop at my normal time.	Hate the fact I am going to have to go out in the cold night whilst feeling depressed and anxious because someone has ran out of something and can't wait until tomorrow afternoon for me to go shop at my normal time.	0
does anyone wanna shoot fireworks w me, and by that I mean shoot fireworks at me	does anyone wanna shoot fireworks w me, and by that I mean shoot fireworks at me	0
thanks mama, I hope so! We have to learn the med term dictionary on the side, it's ridiculous! . !!	thanks mama, I hope so! We have to learn the med term dictionary on the side, it's ridiculous! . !!	0
Why do I have at least one exam every week? Yes at least my exams are spaced out but I would like one week without an exam	Why do I have at least one exam every week? Yes at least my exams are spaced out but I would like one week without an exam	0
Not even a quarter way though my cw that's due tomorrow, why do I leave things to last minute	Not even a quarter way though my cw that's due tomorrow, why do I leave things to last minute	0
This weekend was hell. Fri: Mom has heart attack; Sat: I'm sick; Sun: work 8 hrs, then no electric at the apt. I'm so behind now	This weekend was hell. Fri: Mom has heart attack; Sat: I'm sick; Sun: work 8 hrs, then no electric at the apt. I'm so behind now	0
is a fuckin thug for grabbing me a black , LORD knows i need it . .	is a fuckin thug for grabbing me a black , LORD knows i need it . .	0
Hate packing. Hate feeling like I've left something out! . Roll on tomorrow when we are there	Hate packing. Hate feeling like I've left something out! . Roll on tomorrow when we are there	0
Ready to move on, but scared at the same time. I've never liked change. Plus have no idea where or what I want to do for college	Ready to move on, but scared at the same time. I've never liked change. Plus have no idea where or what I want to do for college	0
This whole being busy thing is cutting into my twitter time and social media time just	This whole being busy thing is cutting into my twitter time and social media time just	0
How am I supposed to write a paper thats due in 30 mins on a book I never even bought and it's not on spark notes? ISuck	How am I supposed to write a paper thats due in 30 mins on a book I never even bought and it's not on spark notes? ISuck	0
Im so so sorry for my dreadfully bad singing in the house lately! Uni work is just getting to me! NeedSleep	Im so so sorry for my dreadfully bad singing in the house lately! Uni work is just getting to me! NeedSleep	0
Nothing worse than booking yourself to go out of town on a business trip and forgetting to pack ahead of time!	Nothing worse than booking yourself to go out of town on a business trip and forgetting to pack ahead of time!	0
If I dont have alcohol in my system tonight I will be a very unhappy kaitlyn	If I dont have alcohol in my system tonight I will be a very unhappy kaitlyn	0
Worst. Day. Ever. But I will be out of my misery about an hour from now.	Worst. Day. Ever. But I will be out of my misery about an hour from now.	0
My relaxing evening has been somewhat spoiled by the flood from the upstairs flat :-(	My relaxing evening has been somewhat spoiled by the flood from the upstairs flat :-(	0
officially bc i have 2 worksheets due by 3, 2 spanish hw due at 8, project sketches to make for my graphic design class, warmups to do, and a commission that needs to be done by the end of the day aswell as everything elseXDXDDDXD	officially bc i have 2 worksheets due by 3, 2 spanish hw due at 8, project sketches to make for my graphic design class, warmups to do, and a commission that needs to be done by the end of the day aswell as everything elseXDXDDDXD	0
I wish I had my license, I just want to go on a long drive	I wish I had my license, I just want to go on a long drive	0
Mixed feelings about today: physics final at noon, but then Star Wars rogue one tn.	Mixed feelings about today: physics final at noon, but then Star Wars rogue one tn.	0
Sorry havent tweeted much today, i got a spanish test tomorrow and alot of hw :/	Sorry havent tweeted much today, i got a spanish test tomorrow and alot of hw :/	0
awesome food sorry again to the two guys I was rude to on the way in	awesome food sorry again to the two guys I was rude to on the way in	0
One rule for you and another for me I guess Roll on tonight with the other half cantbebothered	One rule for you and another for me I guess Roll on tonight with the other half cantbebothered	0
Not long till! Cars still mid transformation lots of work and little time!! stressed engineconversion	Not long till! Cars still mid transformation lots of work and little time!! stressed engineconversion	0
If its not one thing its another. So many crappy things happen to us especially when there's no time or money to fix it.	If its not one thing its another. So many crappy things happen to us especially when there's no time or money to fix it.	0
2 things I hate: Being lied to and people messing with my fucking money  Heated	2 things I hate: Being lied to and people messing with my fucking money  Heated	0
Had a such a shit day I've turned to a brew I don't drink tea life must be bad	Had a such a shit day I've turned to a brew I don't drink tea life must be bad	0
Hate how all this schoolwork and assignments are crammed into these 2 weeks before Thanksgiving	Hate how all this schoolwork and assignments are crammed into these 2 weeks before Thanksgiving	0
I didnt save my work I need to show my boss tomorrow and now I cant sleep but I gotta go in early to finish it shiiiiit I screwed the pooch on this one	I didnt save my work I need to show my boss tomorrow and now I cant sleep but I gotta go in early to finish it shiiiiit I screwed the pooch on this one	0
My mom is being dumb. How am I suppoused to get Utah if you won't give me my flight info??	My mom is being dumb. How am I suppoused to get Utah if you won't give me my flight info??	0
Hate to be negative, but there's nothing good about this day so far besides the sun. badmood badday	Hate to be negative, but there's nothing good about this day so far besides the sun. badmood badday	0
If I leave this world I would just become a faint memory in those who only truly loved me depressing fml	If I leave this world I would just become a faint memory in those who only truly loved me depressing fml	0
Sleepless night when youve been conned by a Fraudster claiming to be your boss to buy 700 vouchers and you call cred cd Co and they dont help and just say wait and dispute.	Sleepless night when youve been conned by a Fraudster claiming to be your boss to buy 700 vouchers and you call cred cd Co and they dont help and just say wait and dispute.	0
Is there a reason the half past 7 36 from Jennyfields hasn't turned up or the 10 to 8 number 3?	Is there a reason the half past 7 36 from Jennyfields hasn't turned up or the 10 to 8 number 3?	0
I'm already taking a pysch, philosophy and criminal law class and I'm still looking to fit in a business one F college:(	I'm already taking a pysch, philosophy and criminal law class and I'm still looking to fit in a business one F college:(	0
STALIN I HATE YOU YOU FUCKING CUNT, GOD MAN WHY WERE YOU SUCH A STUPID, WEIRD MAN?!?!? history	STALIN I HATE YOU YOU FUCKING CUNT, GOD MAN WHY WERE YOU SUCH A STUPID, WEIRD MAN?!?!? history	0
Green tea with four drops of bachs rescue remedy is quite symbolic of my life right now	Green tea with four drops of bachs rescue remedy is quite symbolic of my life right now	0
A little bit of yoga and sleepy time tea so I sleep. Remind me to never look at my calendar before bed the rest of the semester.	A little bit of yoga and sleepy time tea so I sleep. Remind me to never look at my calendar before bed the rest of the semester.	0
Have been a customer almost since the start, always good. Disappointed no call back about new mortgage as promised	Have been a customer almost since the start, always good. Disappointed no call back about new mortgage as promised	0
I've never met someone who leaves it a week and a half to finish buying everything for his prom.	I've never met someone who leaves it a week and a half to finish buying everything for his prom.	0
I need to do some work or finals week is gonna eat me alive :(	I need to do some work or finals week is gonna eat me alive :(	0
Now I remember why I go home at for that three day weekend. So I'm not feeling the way I am now.	Now I remember why I go home at for that three day weekend. So I'm not feeling the way I am now.	0
Why is life so hard lately? Why does everything go wrong for me? Why does my mom have to be sick can't she get better? upset	Why is life so hard lately? Why does everything go wrong for me? Why does my mom have to be sick can't she get better? upset	0
College is too confusing and is already stressful and I'm not even close to starting.	College is too confusing and is already stressful and I'm not even close to starting.	0
Soul destroying day. Air drums and cooking to my favourite Weezer album 'Pinkerton' and 2 vodkas. Yes please  weezer	Soul destroying day. Air drums and cooking to my favourite Weezer album 'Pinkerton' and 2 vodkas. Yes please  weezer	0
73 MORE DAYS TILL PROM OMG I'M GONNA CRY BC I KNOW I'M GONNA DO EVERYTHING LAST MINUTE	73 MORE DAYS TILL PROM OMG I'M GONNA CRY BC I KNOW I'M GONNA DO EVERYTHING LAST MINUTE	0
In other news, I reactivated my account, which says a lot of my current mindset	In other news, I reactivated my account, which says a lot of my current mindset	0
Hoping that they figure out whats wrong I hate seeing you in pain. praying worried	Hoping that they figure out whats wrong I hate seeing you in pain. praying worried	0
I just want a job where I can come home and not stress about it	I just want a job where I can come home and not stress about it	0
I mean school is starting, 2 of my relatives are in hospital and so on	I mean school is starting, 2 of my relatives are in hospital and so on	0
That moment when you're not sure what test is tomorrow so you cram all of this useless knowledge into your brain UGH :(	That moment when you're not sure what test is tomorrow so you cram all of this useless knowledge into your brain UGH :(	0
Operation find a roommate is failing. I just want someone to live with during grad school frustrated	Operation find a roommate is failing. I just want someone to live with during grad school frustrated	0
Ticketmaster your website is a horror to use, impossible to navigate, riddled with bad coding and prone to bouts of forgetfulness	Ticketmaster your website is a horror to use, impossible to navigate, riddled with bad coding and prone to bouts of forgetfulness	0
editing the never-ending thesis,trying to assess how it has evolved, if all, in the last 12 months. Exhausted. Tired. .	editing the never-ending thesis,trying to assess how it has evolved, if all, in the last 12 months. Exhausted. Tired. .	0
I'm not much of a cryer, but college makes me want to bawl my fn eyes out.	I'm not much of a cryer, but college makes me want to bawl my fn eyes out.	0
Whenever I have a day off I always get asked to work. When can I have fun.	Whenever I have a day off I always get asked to work. When can I have fun.	0
Last few days before are final ever hand in doesn't begin to describe how I feel	Last few days before are final ever hand in doesn't begin to describe how I feel	0
I have such a short fuse at the minute but then if you will be so annoying.	I have such a short fuse at the minute but then if you will be so annoying.	0
Snap test for Spanish tomorrow ELA paper due on Friday Science test also on Friday	Snap test for Spanish tomorrow ELA paper due on Friday Science test also on Friday	0
Got very emotional today in Academy over a pair of shoes. It's been a rough couple of days, guys.	Got very emotional today in Academy over a pair of shoes. It's been a rough couple of days, guys.	0
When you just think your getting somewhere and  a 450 bill to fix your car! I hate 2018 with a passion! shiton stabbedinback	When you just think your getting somewhere and  a 450 bill to fix your car! I hate 2018 with a passion! shiton stabbedinback	0
Feeling stressed and afraid if I do what I want to do that it will make things worse. ugh	Feeling stressed and afraid if I do what I want to do that it will make things worse. ugh	0
When you stress before anything happens is the worst feeling cause when it happens you stress even more	When you stress before anything happens is the worst feeling cause when it happens you stress even more	0
Sick and tired of being sick and tired Why can't everyone just shutup and get along for awhile.. Damn.	Sick and tired of being sick and tired Why can't everyone just shutup and get along for awhile.. Damn.	0
That was possibly one of the worst nights of my life and now I have to be up early to take this baby with to church..	That was possibly one of the worst nights of my life and now I have to be up early to take this baby with to church..	0
I'm sorry but a double header in 4 and a half hours is not do-able!	I'm sorry but a double header in 4 and a half hours is not do-able!	0
When my room is so messy that I start having anxiety from looking at it <;<;	When my room is so messy that I start having anxiety from looking at it <;<;	0
I can do this, I can do this!! Oh crap, still one more to go :(	I can do this, I can do this!! Oh crap, still one more to go :(	0
So much to do so little time! College and life have me stretched to the max.	So much to do so little time! College and life have me stretched to the max.	0
What do you do when youre stressed in the middle of the night? I clean the bathroom	What do you do when youre stressed in the middle of the night? I clean the bathroom	0
I seriously need a break from this school and work thing, im always on the go	I seriously need a break from this school and work thing, im always on the go	0
I swear Im a mess. I miss how organized I use to be with my social medias	I swear Im a mess. I miss how organized I use to be with my social medias	0
When you've had the worst day ever and you come home and try to relax.nothing better than a cheeky wank to de-stress	When you've had the worst day ever and you come home and try to relax.nothing better than a cheeky wank to de-stress	0
planned to have a big fruit salad w/ dinner. but thanks to ncstate basketball i'm forced to drink just grapes. wineandwolfpack	planned to have a big fruit salad w/ dinner. but thanks to ncstate basketball i'm forced to drink just grapes. wineandwolfpack	0
Gonna crash so hard tonight considering I'm running on about two hours of sleep.. unilife studiedallnight	Gonna crash so hard tonight considering I'm running on about two hours of sleep.. unilife studiedallnight	0
These next few months are definitely the test as to whether I can organise my life	These next few months are definitely the test as to whether I can organise my life	0
OneBreak would be fantastic once in a while. I'm exhausted and tired of doing this	OneBreak would be fantastic once in a while. I'm exhausted and tired of doing this	0
On Some Real My Shoes Ain't Fitting Coach Just Start Playing Me Stressed Feeling Like Devon	On Some Real My Shoes Ain't Fitting Coach Just Start Playing Me Stressed Feeling Like Devon	0
Whoever said you don't need to choose a major till junior year is a dirty liar	Whoever said you don't need to choose a major till junior year is a dirty liar	0
This week has been crazy! I feel like i've gotten a lot done and nothing done all at the same time confused - plus, room's a mess	This week has been crazy! I feel like i've gotten a lot done and nothing done all at the same time confused - plus, room's a mess	0
It's one thing to worry about yourself, but it's a whole other ball game to worry about your family driving in the storm.	It's one thing to worry about yourself, but it's a whole other ball game to worry about your family driving in the storm.	0
I just need some quiet and I can't get that because the tv downstairs is so loud, I can hear it over my noisy shower. mad	I just need some quiet and I can't get that because the tv downstairs is so loud, I can hear it over my noisy shower. mad	0
I ordered a book to rent online last night but I need the preview of it now and don't see it anywhere on my account :/	I ordered a book to rent online last night but I need the preview of it now and don't see it anywhere on my account :/	0
if they don't have an elevated surface emoji before the spring game on saturday i am going to FLIP OUT :/	if they don't have an elevated surface emoji before the spring game on saturday i am going to FLIP OUT :/	0
Less than 24 hours to go for surgery. Rushing to wrap up my responsibilities. wish me luck!!	Less than 24 hours to go for surgery. Rushing to wrap up my responsibilities. wish me luck!!	0
Running around like a chicken with my head cut off! So much to do! So little time. scatterbrain	Running around like a chicken with my head cut off! So much to do! So little time. scatterbrain	0
Never been so tired in my life, all this course work + training is not the one tired	Never been so tired in my life, all this course work + training is not the one tired	0
Getting so close to a product lunch, I can only describe my daily feelings as feeling pumped or stressed out . Several Cups of gets me through the day	Getting so close to a product lunch, I can only describe my daily feelings as feeling pumped or stressed out . Several Cups of gets me through the day	0
I hate wen ppl tell me wat they doin wen I ain't ask ahahahahaha. .	I hate wen ppl tell me wat they doin wen I ain't ask ahahahahaha. .	0
Really need to learn how to let myself take a break and relax. exhausted restless	Really need to learn how to let myself take a break and relax. exhausted restless	0
Keep having dreams about History coursework result - I don't get it until March :|	Keep having dreams about History coursework result - I don't get it until March :|	0
Why do I have to be sick on a day that's cramed full of stuff I gotta do?!	Why do I have to be sick on a day that's cramed full of stuff I gotta do?!	0
tomorrow will be the death of me. ! At least I get to watch the	tomorrow will be the death of me. ! At least I get to watch the	0
Sat in traffic for people slowing down to witness a broken down limo w the groomsman group stranded. Wouldn't wanna be that bride.	Sat in traffic for people slowing down to witness a broken down limo w the groomsman group stranded. Wouldn't wanna be that bride.	0
With information on education being released by the Government regularly, many schools and teachers are left stressed and confused	With information on education being released by the Government regularly, many schools and teachers are left stressed and confused	0
If anyone does anything to piss me off even a little bit i'ma go off	If anyone does anything to piss me off even a little bit i'ma go off	0
Why are men so god damn infuriating at times! Honestly I could pack up and piss off	Why are men so god damn infuriating at times! Honestly I could pack up and piss off	0
The fact that some people think Nigerians are the cause of their unfortunate lives stresses me out. You are probably unfortunate because you are an oloriburuku.	The fact that some people think Nigerians are the cause of their unfortunate lives stresses me out. You are probably unfortunate because you are an oloriburuku.	0
It's 7 PM and I'm still at work marking student assignments and I'm hungry and outside it's raining and cold.	It's 7 PM and I'm still at work marking student assignments and I'm hungry and outside it's raining and cold.	0
it shouldn't matter how I spend my credit from your error. Miles plus cash tickets should qualify as well as cash tickets.	it shouldn't matter how I spend my credit from your error. Miles plus cash tickets should qualify as well as cash tickets.	0
I hate it when I have so much to do and there so many things going on at once.	I hate it when I have so much to do and there so many things going on at once.	0
In serious need of motivation to study for midterms. I have so much work to do today	In serious need of motivation to study for midterms. I have so much work to do today	0
Almost had a heart attack thinking my homework was due tonight and I left my backpack at work. But it's due tomorrow.	Almost had a heart attack thinking my homework was due tonight and I left my backpack at work. But it's due tomorrow.	0
Shopping for clothes while 8 months pregnant is THEE WORST!!! Ughhh and I don't do maternity clothes they are UGLY	Shopping for clothes while 8 months pregnant is THEE WORST!!! Ughhh and I don't do maternity clothes they are UGLY	0
So, today is a day to go down in the books as one of the worst days of my life!! upset pissed	So, today is a day to go down in the books as one of the worst days of my life!! upset pissed	0
I've come to the point where I just give up on school. I need spring break. school is just too much right now	I've come to the point where I just give up on school. I need spring break. school is just too much right now	0
wish I could just sleep all day and my life away in winnipeg until I'm somewhere over seas depressingtweet annoyed	wish I could just sleep all day and my life away in winnipeg until I'm somewhere over seas depressingtweet annoyed	0
imma say like my bro i've been thru "Dark Days, n Darker Nights" dipressed bt i learned 2 depend on God!	imma say like my bro i've been thru "Dark Days, n Darker Nights" dipressed bt i learned 2 depend on God!	0
Just a day an a half . Day an a half CheerCamp2014 people ugh nolike	Just a day an a half . Day an a half CheerCamp2014 people ugh nolike	0
I hate nosebleeds! I would of thought I'd be more relaxed now the holidays have started?:/	I hate nosebleeds! I would of thought I'd be more relaxed now the holidays have started?:/	0
I care far to much about what other people think to the point I get panic attacks.	I care far to much about what other people think to the point I get panic attacks.	0
Trying to not have a nervous breakdown over the Texas to Mississippi road trip on Saturday scary	Trying to not have a nervous breakdown over the Texas to Mississippi road trip on Saturday scary	0
Continuously facing obstacles in my life is really starting to take a toll on me	Continuously facing obstacles in my life is really starting to take a toll on me	0
Still home from school sick gonna pay big time when i get back should be doing homework all weekend on the plane :(	Still home from school sick gonna pay big time when i get back should be doing homework all weekend on the plane :(	0
Driving with my dad is so frustrating, he doesn't know how to give proper instructions	Driving with my dad is so frustrating, he doesn't know how to give proper instructions	0
I think when I transferred external hard drives iPhoto lost over 7500 of my pics.	I think when I transferred external hard drives iPhoto lost over 7500 of my pics.	0
Excellent infrastructure masked by poor traffic sense = bad experience omr ECR what you doing to educate?	Excellent infrastructure masked by poor traffic sense = bad experience omr ECR what you doing to educate?	0
Essay writing, radio documentary making, lack of journalism jobs induced insomnia is the worst whydidileavefinance journalism	Essay writing, radio documentary making, lack of journalism jobs induced insomnia is the worst whydidileavefinance journalism	0
Rainy miserable day in Aberdeen this morning. The weather must know I have an exam tomorrow	Rainy miserable day in Aberdeen this morning. The weather must know I have an exam tomorrow	0
just got home from work. i am uber tired. I can't even imagine having to study for tomorrow's exam.	just got home from work. i am uber tired. I can't even imagine having to study for tomorrow's exam.	0
There must be something wrong me with as I'm hungry but don't fancy eating anything! fedup	There must be something wrong me with as I'm hungry but don't fancy eating anything! fedup	0
Some people lose sleep when stressed. lost eyelashes. I try 2 manage it w/purposeful underachievement.	Some people lose sleep when stressed. lost eyelashes. I try 2 manage it w/purposeful underachievement.	0
There's so much pressure to decide what I want to do with my life, I can't just decide on the spot frustrated	There's so much pressure to decide what I want to do with my life, I can't just decide on the spot frustrated	0
Today I got the worse news of my life. And tomorrow I have to take the biggest test of my life.	Today I got the worse news of my life. And tomorrow I have to take the biggest test of my life.	0
Struggling to keep my eyes open :( pushedmyself feelingsick tired headache pain backpain ribpain sore	Struggling to keep my eyes open :( pushedmyself feelingsick tired headache pain backpain ribpain sore	0
If I have to look at the same apartments popping up over and over again I'm gonna chuck my phone across the room!	If I have to look at the same apartments popping up over and over again I'm gonna chuck my phone across the room!	0
any chance of a retweet for me and my friend exams in less than 2 weeks..	any chance of a retweet for me and my friend exams in less than 2 weeks..	0
Not a good introduction to 1st time booking and its been cancelled with no explanation and apparently the refund has been processed to an expired card??!! confused	Not a good introduction to 1st time booking and its been cancelled with no explanation and apparently the refund has been processed to an expired card??!! confused	0
Can't I make it through one day without having some sort of headache. done frustrated	Can't I make it through one day without having some sort of headache. done frustrated	0
ugh, i seriously just want to hit some people with my car sometimes not really.. but kindaaaaa.	ugh, i seriously just want to hit some people with my car sometimes not really.. but kindaaaaa.	0
I got hit with the worst cold. I'm so stuffed up and my head is feeling like a million pounds, but I have so much work to do	I got hit with the worst cold. I'm so stuffed up and my head is feeling like a million pounds, but I have so much work to do	0
Wtf the movers will be here at 9, and it'll take 2 hours to finish it.	Wtf the movers will be here at 9, and it'll take 2 hours to finish it.	0
You know it's been a bad day when you crack open the gin at 5pm	You know it's been a bad day when you crack open the gin at 5pm	0
There is nowhere on this campus for me to study with a quiet atmosphere frustrated annoyed	There is nowhere on this campus for me to study with a quiet atmosphere frustrated annoyed	0
The amount of things I have to memorize for my new job is ridiculous.  workflow	The amount of things I have to memorize for my new job is ridiculous.  workflow	0
It will be a miracle if I can make it through the next 24 hours without breaking down or hurting someone.	It will be a miracle if I can make it through the next 24 hours without breaking down or hurting someone.	0
A week from now I'm going to be the most hated person on the planet  noreallythough	A week from now I'm going to be the most hated person on the planet  noreallythough	0
Well guys my phone just broke. I don't know how to feel about that. I dropped it like an idiot and it broke. I'm glad it didnt break a lot. Well I'm even more stressed than before  idiots	Well guys my phone just broke. I don't know how to feel about that. I dropped it like an idiot and it broke. I'm glad it didnt break a lot. Well I'm even more stressed than before  idiots	0
Annoying when the dress you want is out of stock until March 2016.. Need a plan B for Saturday	Annoying when the dress you want is out of stock until March 2016.. Need a plan B for Saturday	0
It's very hard to choreograph a 45min show performed by 8year olds in less than 2 months	It's very hard to choreograph a 45min show performed by 8year olds in less than 2 months	0
Why is it we take our anger out on those we love the most? confused	Why is it we take our anger out on those we love the most? confused	0
Ive hit this wall and I cant get past it. I dont know if its covid fatigue or just not knowing whats coming next. Feels like Im hanging on by a thread.	Ive hit this wall and I cant get past it. I dont know if its covid fatigue or just not knowing whats coming next. Feels like Im hanging on by a thread.	0
why do i always need to pee during this class, like no i dont want to get up in front of 500 people to empty my bladder..	why do i always need to pee during this class, like no i dont want to get up in front of 500 people to empty my bladder..	0
A half a pint of Ben and Jerry's and now it's bedtime so this day can end longday	A half a pint of Ben and Jerry's and now it's bedtime so this day can end longday	0
Why is it so impossible for everything to just work out the way I want? frustrated	Why is it so impossible for everything to just work out the way I want? frustrated	0
Feeling stressed ? 23 percent of Americans have no paid vacations and no paid holidays. The average American worker receives 10 days of paid vacation per year. European countries, by contrast, mandate that employers offer at least 20 days a year. How many do you get?	Feeling stressed ? 23 percent of Americans have no paid vacations and no paid holidays. The average American worker receives 10 days of paid vacation per year. European countries, by contrast, mandate that employers offer at least 20 days a year. How many do you get?	0
Question of the day: why are there 2 shocked face emojis but one has eyebrows and the other doesn't?	Question of the day: why are there 2 shocked face emojis but one has eyebrows and the other doesn't?	0
I hate having Latin first period. It messes up my brain for the rest of the day	I hate having Latin first period. It messes up my brain for the rest of the day	0
to miss my state qualification soccer game against my old team and leave late to Florida or to miss it????	to miss my state qualification soccer game against my old team and leave late to Florida or to miss it????	0
eekkk this weekend is here i feel like Ive been counting down to this for months nervous	eekkk this weekend is here i feel like Ive been counting down to this for months nervous	0
I got put on standby while my other 6 family members have seats. The end of my vacation has come to a stressful end as I hope I can get onto the the flight. Way to ruin it standby	I got put on standby while my other 6 family members have seats. The end of my vacation has come to a stressful end as I hope I can get onto the the flight. Way to ruin it standby	0
I feel like it's finals week all over again. Yay for having 2 tests tomorrow and 2 tests on Friday!	I feel like it's finals week all over again. Yay for having 2 tests tomorrow and 2 tests on Friday!	0
wow im really not good with making decisions when it comes to material things , hair and allat	wow im really not good with making decisions when it comes to material things , hair and allat	0
I just need it to be this weekend so I can go to a party and have lots of fun.	I just need it to be this weekend so I can go to a party and have lots of fun.	0
ME WITH A GUN AINT NEVER GOOD FOR ANYONE NOT EVEN MYSELF DONTBOTHERME LEAVEMEALONE MAD	ME WITH A GUN AINT NEVER GOOD FOR ANYONE NOT EVEN MYSELF DONTBOTHERME LEAVEMEALONE MAD	0
STFU! -_- it's already 2AM MY GOSH! they Keepin' On SINGING! -_- and btw hello mindgraine?! -_-  feeling annoyed	STFU! -_- it's already 2AM MY GOSH! they Keepin' On SINGING! -_- and btw hello mindgraine?! -_-  feeling annoyed	0
Paying my sister 2 and a kit kat for a back massage is my best choice in a while	Paying my sister 2 and a kit kat for a back massage is my best choice in a while	0
Never had so many issues trying to get home from the hospital in my life	Never had so many issues trying to get home from the hospital in my life	0
I went from being a veteranarian to a fashion buyer to psychologist, now I just have no clue..so I think ill take a nap	I went from being a veteranarian to a fashion buyer to psychologist, now I just have no clue..so I think ill take a nap	0
I just feel emotionally broken I feel over whelmed and very stressed how can I fix this? needhelp	I just feel emotionally broken I feel over whelmed and very stressed how can I fix this? needhelp	0
Is it bad to say that I kind of hate senior year? I have no time to do anything. swamped	Is it bad to say that I kind of hate senior year? I have no time to do anything. swamped	0
When you're all chokes up about something and your throat becomes dry and it's hard to swallow. <;<;	When you're all chokes up about something and your throat becomes dry and it's hard to swallow. <;<;	0
why do you need to make it so difficult for a replacement or refund when obviously I put the right address when ordering and then I see its one number off. Unbelievable! This was a Christmas gift and needed it soon and now I have to go through a process.	why do you need to make it so difficult for a replacement or refund when obviously I put the right address when ordering and then I see its one number off. Unbelievable! This was a Christmas gift and needed it soon and now I have to go through a process.	0
Have had the day off to get organised for the weekend and I've done nothing!?!?	Have had the day off to get organised for the weekend and I've done nothing!?!?	0
Our cat has a new hobby. Bringing in animals, Today's treasure was a bird. Not sure if this is to do with being On a diet	Our cat has a new hobby. Bringing in animals, Today's treasure was a bird. Not sure if this is to do with being On a diet	0
I know its stupid but Ive always had things I want to do by the age of milestones and it really upsets me when I dont make them happen. Ive been in such a bad mood all day even though I have around a year and a half until Im 30. Pure pointless panic.	I know its stupid but Ive always had things I want to do by the age of milestones and it really upsets me when I dont make them happen. Ive been in such a bad mood all day even though I have around a year and a half until Im 30. Pure pointless panic.	0
I'm always surrounded by friends and family, so why do I feel so alone? worstfeeling	I'm always surrounded by friends and family, so why do I feel so alone? worstfeeling	0
When your week cant get any worse and no world this is not a challenge!	When your week cant get any worse and no world this is not a challenge!	0
Do you feel trapped, like you cant get out? Spend your day thinking of things you never thought you could think about. thursdaymorning sunset LoveIsNotTourism LGBTQ	Do you feel trapped, like you cant get out? Spend your day thinking of things you never thought you could think about. thursdaymorning sunset LoveIsNotTourism LGBTQ	0
Aaaaand now my candidacy may be getting moved 2 months EARLIER than planned. Aaaaand I've hardly started on it RealTimeChem	Aaaaand now my candidacy may be getting moved 2 months EARLIER than planned. Aaaaand I've hardly started on it RealTimeChem	0
I seriously need one day off of school to just do homework all day long..	I seriously need one day off of school to just do homework all day long..	0
Spending months upon months working on a party that is only for 3 hours is ridiculous. Graduation is overrated.	Spending months upon months working on a party that is only for 3 hours is ridiculous. Graduation is overrated.	0
Prom is mad close and I don't have a date or haven't looked for my dress or anything	Prom is mad close and I don't have a date or haven't looked for my dress or anything	0
I literally just want to go sit in the shower and cry for 18 hours.	I literally just want to go sit in the shower and cry for 18 hours.	0
Why is it so hard to get back on it! Easters messed me up bet I've put like 5lb on	Why is it so hard to get back on it! Easters messed me up bet I've put like 5lb on	0
Even tho I quit long time agoI feel like smoking right now..guess cuz all I do is work slave hours and goto school tired	Even tho I quit long time agoI feel like smoking right now..guess cuz all I do is work slave hours and goto school tired	0
Kbs Mad at me and Im not sure if that forbids me from tagging her in memes	Kbs Mad at me and Im not sure if that forbids me from tagging her in memes	0
This semester is by far the worst. I cannot handle all this crap ugh. Never enough time.	This semester is by far the worst. I cannot handle all this crap ugh. Never enough time.	0
this stuffy nose shxt gota go -_- I'm like completely unable to breath out my mouth , I'm dying	this stuffy nose shxt gota go -_- I'm like completely unable to breath out my mouth , I'm dying	0
I'm beginning to feel like I'm cursed! Whenever I really need a bus, one doesn't show! I need to get to my sick toddler at nursery and the number 7 fails to show again! Juat cant rely on the service!	I'm beginning to feel like I'm cursed! Whenever I really need a bus, one doesn't show! I need to get to my sick toddler at nursery and the number 7 fails to show again! Juat cant rely on the service!	0
Exhausted. And finally starting to feel like I don't have enough time to get everything done.	Exhausted. And finally starting to feel like I don't have enough time to get everything done.	0
I cant believe I still dont know what I wanna do when im older depressing	I cant believe I still dont know what I wanna do when im older depressing	0
The anxiety of these dr appointments and the crunch for time from getting between them is only making it worse	The anxiety of these dr appointments and the crunch for time from getting between them is only making it worse	0
I hate when people complain about stuff when all of us are going through the same shit	I hate when people complain about stuff when all of us are going through the same shit	0
I wish there was some way to know if I'm making the right decisions.. confused	I wish there was some way to know if I'm making the right decisions.. confused	0
So frustrated with all theses finals Why does it feel like its only going to get worse	So frustrated with all theses finals Why does it feel like its only going to get worse	0
I just need to sleep! And thn i need anoter week of brek for just family time! seriously	I just need to sleep! And thn i need anoter week of brek for just family time! seriously	0
I just wasted 7.99 paying for WiFi that cant even cope with a zoom call wasteofmoney	I just wasted 7.99 paying for WiFi that cant even cope with a zoom call wasteofmoney	0
Quick to listen, slow to speak, slow to anger. Just what I need right about now.	Quick to listen, slow to speak, slow to anger. Just what I need right about now.	0
Prom is in 2 and a half months and we don't have a bus, place to eat, place to take pictures, and I don't have a dress or ticket	Prom is in 2 and a half months and we don't have a bus, place to eat, place to take pictures, and I don't have a dress or ticket	0
On the bright side, I can start going to bed stress-free at a decent hour.	On the bright side, I can start going to bed stress-free at a decent hour.	0
I HATE math! And maybe I wouldnt hate it so much if the teacher actually taught it! headache	I HATE math! And maybe I wouldnt hate it so much if the teacher actually taught it! headache	0
Slowly making progress with my end of year school work! 1 project down 4 to go gettingthere pointlessprojects	Slowly making progress with my end of year school work! 1 project down 4 to go gettingthere pointlessprojects	0
I have to go clean out my classroom tomorrow. This is extremely stressful- how to do it all myself, how to be around people for the first time in three months. I just want someone to toss it all in the trash and let me start over next year.	I have to go clean out my classroom tomorrow. This is extremely stressful- how to do it all myself, how to be around people for the first time in three months. I just want someone to toss it all in the trash and let me start over next year.	0
WHY DID I JUST PLUCK A GREY HAIR FROM MY HEAD!!!! GREY!!! I'm only 20!!!	WHY DID I JUST PLUCK A GREY HAIR FROM MY HEAD!!!! GREY!!! I'm only 20!!!	0
Angry tears. I'm fucking fed up. Fuck this test ima fucking fail I can't sleep with these fucking kids bro.! stressed	Angry tears. I'm fucking fed up. Fuck this test ima fucking fail I can't sleep with these fucking kids bro.! stressed	0
Welp I just spent my morning running through the airport barefoot to barely catch my flight how was your morning?	Welp I just spent my morning running through the airport barefoot to barely catch my flight how was your morning?	0
I JUS GT OUT DA HOSPITAL 4 SMOKN N I BEEN UP SINXE 3am SMOKNN SMH. N DWN BAD	I JUS GT OUT DA HOSPITAL 4 SMOKN N I BEEN UP SINXE 3am SMOKNN SMH. N DWN BAD	0
3 exams in one day, are the exam boards trying to teach me how to faint	3 exams in one day, are the exam boards trying to teach me how to faint	0
What the bloody hell can you wear for a wedding?! I only wear black denim and leopard print	What the bloody hell can you wear for a wedding?! I only wear black denim and leopard print	0
Better idea. Let use my anger to motivate a tornado of work being completed. fuckit	Better idea. Let use my anger to motivate a tornado of work being completed. fuckit	0
I've got an essay, 6 quizzes, 5 tests, and a Spanish oral all due this week.	I've got an essay, 6 quizzes, 5 tests, and a Spanish oral all due this week.	0
I wish there was more time in day I just have so much to do and no time to do it:(	I wish there was more time in day I just have so much to do and no time to do it:(	0
Who wants to gove me a neck and back massage?? Ill pay in beer! hugeheadache	Who wants to gove me a neck and back massage?? Ill pay in beer! hugeheadache	0
Gots to do hw that's due tomorrow.. Ugh!!! Idk about all this work and school thing..	Gots to do hw that's due tomorrow.. Ugh!!! Idk about all this work and school thing..	0
I feel like giving up on school everyday, but I'm too deep into it to give up!	I feel like giving up on school everyday, but I'm too deep into it to give up!	0
Life is so hard to get through when you go through alot, and noone knows how you're really feeling.	Life is so hard to get through when you go through alot, and noone knows how you're really feeling.	0
30 hours of work, and 3 tests in one week is not a good combo crashing	30 hours of work, and 3 tests in one week is not a good combo crashing	0
Work! What I am gonna have to do for the rest of my life! Well text me! depressed sick tired alone	Work! What I am gonna have to do for the rest of my life! Well text me! depressed sick tired alone	0
Are you stressed because of time debt? Here's how to get a balanced budget by -	Are you stressed because of time debt? Here's how to get a balanced budget by -	0
I feel like I've been really productive today. I got everything done that I needed to - that hasn't happened in a while.	I feel like I've been really productive today. I got everything done that I needed to - that hasn't happened in a while.	0
I've had nothing but one car trouble after the other this summer and Im sick of it!	I've had nothing but one car trouble after the other this summer and Im sick of it!	0
This week is probably the worst one of my semester. I'll be so thankful when it's over.	This week is probably the worst one of my semester. I'll be so thankful when it's over.	0
Ever have something you really wanna tell someone, but are too afraid to tell them? For fear of losing everyone?	Ever have something you really wanna tell someone, but are too afraid to tell them? For fear of losing everyone?	0
Urgh feel like I have so much work to do! When I've put in a lot of effort over half term :/ nevergoodenough	Urgh feel like I have so much work to do! When I've put in a lot of effort over half term :/ nevergoodenough	0
I think I'm going to have a mental breakdown! Completed 1/2 my assignment at uni but now I have to redo it at home	I think I'm going to have a mental breakdown! Completed 1/2 my assignment at uni but now I have to redo it at home	0
Can my day get any worse? Does someone else want to kick me while I'm laying on the ground? stupid people	Can my day get any worse? Does someone else want to kick me while I'm laying on the ground? stupid people	0
I seriously hate people watching Lydia exp when you're no where to be found when I'm off work,	I seriously hate people watching Lydia exp when you're no where to be found when I'm off work,	0
Being so far behind in a class that the other unfinished work is piling up <;<;<;	Being so far behind in a class that the other unfinished work is piling up <;<;<;	0
Spent 5.5 hours working on our Script for Ed Psych now have to go work for 8.5 hours.	Spent 5.5 hours working on our Script for Ed Psych now have to go work for 8.5 hours.	0
ugh, I so hate this sucky panic feeling it makes my heart sick. is an under statement	ugh, I so hate this sucky panic feeling it makes my heart sick. is an under statement	0
Life basically has sucked this semester and seems to only get worse. I finally have just broke down today! God, help me!	Life basically has sucked this semester and seems to only get worse. I finally have just broke down today! God, help me!	0
Thinking about this situation makes me want to physically puke and I have no idea why.. frustrated INEEDANSWERS confused	Thinking about this situation makes me want to physically puke and I have no idea why.. frustrated INEEDANSWERS confused	0
Awful and incredibly unreliable service from car hire. They just could not be bothered! shocking neverusethemagain	Awful and incredibly unreliable service from car hire. They just could not be bothered! shocking neverusethemagain	0
The fact that I go to school then work I have no time to workout and it makes me sad when I'm not working ima go so hard tho	The fact that I go to school then work I have no time to workout and it makes me sad when I'm not working ima go so hard tho	0
I'm so tiredthis week has been brutal. I got into bed at like 11pmand I'm wide awake. Can I just sleep?!	I'm so tiredthis week has been brutal. I got into bed at like 11pmand I'm wide awake. Can I just sleep?!	0
I seriously need a vacation to a sunny hot beach with a pia colada in my hand	I seriously need a vacation to a sunny hot beach with a pia colada in my hand	0
I literally feel like I'm the only one who doesn't know where I'm going next year.. sad	I literally feel like I'm the only one who doesn't know where I'm going next year.. sad	0
been up for lil over an hr and i already know this is going to be the longest day of my life. didntsleep tired	been up for lil over an hr and i already know this is going to be the longest day of my life. didntsleep tired	0
I'm tired as crap, I start work tonight, and I have this senior paper that I'm stressing over. excited	I'm tired as crap, I start work tonight, and I have this senior paper that I'm stressing over. excited	0
Why is it so hard to come up with my child a "first" name :(	Why is it so hard to come up with my child a "first" name :(	0
Hate when I can't sleep, cuz I have too many things going through my mind  overwhelmed	Hate when I can't sleep, cuz I have too many things going through my mind  overwhelmed	0
Desperate times call for desperate measures. Non-alcoholic beer so I can pretend to unwind! PregnancyProblems	Desperate times call for desperate measures. Non-alcoholic beer so I can pretend to unwind! PregnancyProblems	0
Crazy week. Working like crazy, packing, cleaning, painting and moving. And 13yrs you've been gone :(	Crazy week. Working like crazy, packing, cleaning, painting and moving. And 13yrs you've been gone :(	0
Im just chillin all the time, drama free and ppl just tell me drama or try to put me into drama its like get away from me..Im chillin	Im just chillin all the time, drama free and ppl just tell me drama or try to put me into drama its like get away from me..Im chillin	0
Not making flight. Now chilling until the next flight at 1:10am. My dad's advice: "have a glass of wine."	Not making flight. Now chilling until the next flight at 1:10am. My dad's advice: "have a glass of wine."	0
Eh do you think you could sort this weather out? We seriously need a dry day on Saturday for the Stoney Stroll!  fundraising stoneystroll mayshouldbenice	Eh do you think you could sort this weather out? We seriously need a dry day on Saturday for the Stoney Stroll!  fundraising stoneystroll mayshouldbenice	0
So tired of being tired and stressed ALL the time! It doesn't make for a happy Kylie	So tired of being tired and stressed ALL the time! It doesn't make for a happy Kylie	0
Thank god there is a bridal outlet shop in burton, found a wedding dress with less than a week to go	Thank god there is a bridal outlet shop in burton, found a wedding dress with less than a week to go	0
I seriously can't do AAU and summer league games. My body is being over worked. inpain	I seriously can't do AAU and summer league games. My body is being over worked. inpain	0
Im soooo tired!! Why the 'eff is a helicopter flying about outside my bedroom window? Do people have no respect?!	Im soooo tired!! Why the 'eff is a helicopter flying about outside my bedroom window? Do people have no respect?!	0
My kids homework ain't no joke. How can I encourage them to get good grades when I can't even get the damn problems. Some of my answers were wrong.	My kids homework ain't no joke. How can I encourage them to get good grades when I can't even get the damn problems. Some of my answers were wrong.	0
I feel defeated tonight. Things can't always be this hard, I need them to get easier. Uhh	I feel defeated tonight. Things can't always be this hard, I need them to get easier. Uhh	0
When I get home I'm going to grab my Super Black Eagle, at least one box of shells, and vent through a semiauto.	When I get home I'm going to grab my Super Black Eagle, at least one box of shells, and vent through a semiauto.	0
being an adult and making big girl decisions stinks. can i be a kid again?	being an adult and making big girl decisions stinks. can i be a kid again?	0
Feeling like a major dork checking my email every half hour to see if tsut sent out the seating assignments but I am	Feeling like a major dork checking my email every half hour to see if tsut sent out the seating assignments but I am	0
12 hours of art homework.. Why do I want to be an art major? idiot	12 hours of art homework.. Why do I want to be an art major? idiot	0
Reading thru my interview guide and knowin its a week away is makin me nervous! Sorry in advance if im stressed this week!	Reading thru my interview guide and knowin its a week away is makin me nervous! Sorry in advance if im stressed this week!	0
Not a happy bunny today ! . Need to hit some golf balls very very fuking hard !!!!	Not a happy bunny today ! . Need to hit some golf balls very very fuking hard !!!!	0
If only there was no school today, then i'd actually have a day to get everything ready for flordia!!!!!	If only there was no school today, then i'd actually have a day to get everything ready for flordia!!!!!	0
Wake up thinking about all the tests and crap I have to do today. I need summer now. summer tired	Wake up thinking about all the tests and crap I have to do today. I need summer now. summer tired	0
Lovely day shopping and lunch why is so hard to find a nice dress nowadays	Lovely day shopping and lunch why is so hard to find a nice dress nowadays	0
Wish I could get some writing done tonight but I just can't find the drive tired	Wish I could get some writing done tonight but I just can't find the drive tired	0
Feeling the pressure of the real estate transaction from the buyer side will make me even more compassionate towards my clients.	Feeling the pressure of the real estate transaction from the buyer side will make me even more compassionate towards my clients.	0
All these angry orchards are making me too jittery to sit in these ethyl chairs and watch the game	All these angry orchards are making me too jittery to sit in these ethyl chairs and watch the game	0
That project made me want to cry!! Not sure if I want to deal with ACCPAC ever but it's not a choice :(	That project made me want to cry!! Not sure if I want to deal with ACCPAC ever but it's not a choice :(	0
Things don't seem so bad this Friday. Trying not to be this weekend. Enjoying working in the garden since it's cooler outside than it is inside with airconditioning. TGIF. Will deal with keeping electricity, shopping w/ foodstamps, cooking, etc on	Things don't seem so bad this Friday. Trying not to be this weekend. Enjoying working in the garden since it's cooler outside than it is inside with airconditioning. TGIF. Will deal with keeping electricity, shopping w/ foodstamps, cooking, etc on	0
That annoying cousin that u love but u just wanna pimp slap a girl. U know wat Im saying	That annoying cousin that u love but u just wanna pimp slap a girl. U know wat Im saying	0
My computer isn't working and I don't know why!!!.why now that I have a lot of things to	My computer isn't working and I don't know why!!!.why now that I have a lot of things to	0
I have a phone, but my charger broke, so I now have a dead phone with no charger Any other problems you wanna throw at me, God?	I have a phone, but my charger broke, so I now have a dead phone with no charger Any other problems you wanna throw at me, God?	0
stressful week this well finals, 12 hours of dance practice, and 1St dance competition and its my bday on Wednesday:(	stressful week this well finals, 12 hours of dance practice, and 1St dance competition and its my bday on Wednesday:(	0
At this point, im just ready to give it all up. But ive worked so hard. Who would of known it would be this hard.	At this point, im just ready to give it all up. But ive worked so hard. Who would of known it would be this hard.	0
thatannoyingmoment when you get papers in the mail on June 25, and they are due back in Halifax by June 30. notime	thatannoyingmoment when you get papers in the mail on June 25, and they are due back in Halifax by June 30. notime	0
Been waiting all day for this Florida game and I cant even watch it now	Been waiting all day for this Florida game and I cant even watch it now	0
I would never wish the struggles that a teenage girl has to go through on anyone awful	I would never wish the struggles that a teenage girl has to go through on anyone awful	0
I hope I get this job at Rural King, ihavetobezen. I need more cash flow this job isn't cutting it.	I hope I get this job at Rural King, ihavetobezen. I need more cash flow this job isn't cutting it.	0
So it appears that Christmas shopping for mummy with a 2 yr old is a bad idea whoknew	So it appears that Christmas shopping for mummy with a 2 yr old is a bad idea whoknew	0
Lordgive strength to Ahmad Jauhari Yahya, CEO of Malaysia Airways. The doomed MH Flights are calling for serious crisis mgmt!	Lordgive strength to Ahmad Jauhari Yahya, CEO of Malaysia Airways. The doomed MH Flights are calling for serious crisis mgmt!	0
I hate when I know people purposely don't text me back or ignore me, it makes me crazy.	I hate when I know people purposely don't text me back or ignore me, it makes me crazy.	0
I don't often admit when I have a high stress level, but missing Christmas with my family + 5 mos of back pain + Dad in hospital =	I don't often admit when I have a high stress level, but missing Christmas with my family + 5 mos of back pain + Dad in hospital =	0
At the courthouse and I really hope the lady who charges me doesn't show up so this case gets thrown out stressed needtogetnailed	At the courthouse and I really hope the lady who charges me doesn't show up so this case gets thrown out stressed needtogetnailed	0
i literally spent 30 minutes explaining why i can't get a b in honors bio because i want to be a bio chemist	i literally spent 30 minutes explaining why i can't get a b in honors bio because i want to be a bio chemist	0
I hate waking up in the morning when all your worries come back to you, one by one	I hate waking up in the morning when all your worries come back to you, one by one	0
I Just Wanna Go Somewhere.. Cry and Scream and Let Everything Out.. "I'm Tired" Has Been More Easier To Say Lately stressed :/	I Just Wanna Go Somewhere.. Cry and Scream and Let Everything Out.. "I'm Tired" Has Been More Easier To Say Lately stressed :/	0
I need a Latin tutor.. which will be real hard to find since nobody in the world studies LATIN of all languages! This is stupid	I need a Latin tutor.. which will be real hard to find since nobody in the world studies LATIN of all languages! This is stupid	0
Some days you just need to go home right after class. Today was deff one of those days	Some days you just need to go home right after class. Today was deff one of those days	0
is it wrong to look forward to your wedding being over to stop all the hassle? wedding	is it wrong to look forward to your wedding being over to stop all the hassle? wedding	0
Trying to juggle school, swimming, work, having a social life and living is rather difficult	Trying to juggle school, swimming, work, having a social life and living is rather difficult	0
This year has been so freaking bad. I just want to go away for a while	This year has been so freaking bad. I just want to go away for a while	0
If I don't go out at least once this weekend I'm gonna end up hurting someone..	If I don't go out at least once this weekend I'm gonna end up hurting someone..	0
I believe that cashiering isn't for me. only been 3 work days, but I don't see myself lasting. frustrated Maybe I'll try stock.	I believe that cashiering isn't for me. only been 3 work days, but I don't see myself lasting. frustrated Maybe I'll try stock.	0
Finishing this essay is driving me insane!! baffled I've resorted to some old school music to get me through this!!	Finishing this essay is driving me insane!! baffled I've resorted to some old school music to get me through this!!	0
So focused on studying for my 3 exams that I forgot to turn in my hw due at midnight..	So focused on studying for my 3 exams that I forgot to turn in my hw due at midnight..	0
Them times you wanna munch down on ya food but there are spicey girls watching	Them times you wanna munch down on ya food but there are spicey girls watching	0
Group projects and labs are probably one of the worst things they could ever do it college	Group projects and labs are probably one of the worst things they could ever do it college	0
I wish I just knew what I wanted to do with the rest of my life confused	I wish I just knew what I wanted to do with the rest of my life confused	0
I might lose my financial aid because I don't know what year the house I live in was built. Because that makes sense.	I might lose my financial aid because I don't know what year the house I live in was built. Because that makes sense.	0
She gives a a 1 page essay to write everyday when we walk in for bell work, then article of the week and now a 2 page essay	She gives a a 1 page essay to write everyday when we walk in for bell work, then article of the week and now a 2 page essay	0
Running on little sleep, time to finish my project and start studying like there's no tomorrow! Can't wait till Wednesday! dead	Running on little sleep, time to finish my project and start studying like there's no tomorrow! Can't wait till Wednesday! dead	0
i have rearranged my room 4 times in the last 28 hours to be exact and im not doing well. kinda going mad.	i have rearranged my room 4 times in the last 28 hours to be exact and im not doing well. kinda going mad.	0
Eyes are falling out of my head I am that tired  faith decided today of where we are moving to	Eyes are falling out of my head I am that tired  faith decided today of where we are moving to	0
I seriously need to get this book read tonight so I can do Ochem in the morning ughhh	I seriously need to get this book read tonight so I can do Ochem in the morning ughhh	0
Ugh once I get through this last test tomorrow I can just chill, look forward to seeing Ethan and then coming home in a few weeks	Ugh once I get through this last test tomorrow I can just chill, look forward to seeing Ethan and then coming home in a few weeks	0
Have a really bad headcold and swollen glands starting exam time and i do don't need this	Have a really bad headcold and swollen glands starting exam time and i do don't need this	0
Phones is dead from talking on the phone with lea and talk to westly natalie and ashley on fb	Phones is dead from talking on the phone with lea and talk to westly natalie and ashley on fb	0
This day is just slowly going down the  Why can't i just understand this stuff	This day is just slowly going down the  Why can't i just understand this stuff	0
so stressed out because don't understand how to do the presentation for my class tomorrow	so stressed out because don't understand how to do the presentation for my class tomorrow	0
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK.FuuuuuUUUUCK!!!!!!! >;. <; I need a break from life :'( tired DONE	FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK.FuuuuuUUUUCK!!!!!!! >;. <; I need a break from life :'( tired DONE	0
I hate knowing that the hsc is so close and how much work that still needs to be done..	I hate knowing that the hsc is so close and how much work that still needs to be done..	0
Dear travis, call the fucking contractor back! I wanna be able to afford prom. Subway isn't paying the bills broke	Dear travis, call the fucking contractor back! I wanna be able to afford prom. Subway isn't paying the bills broke	0
why is it so difficult to find a decent place to live for next year	why is it so difficult to find a decent place to live for next year	0
Never in my life have I had such a hard time finding a job. Does anybody know of anywhere hiring? Please let me know.	Never in my life have I had such a hard time finding a job. Does anybody know of anywhere hiring? Please let me know.	0
two more stories to read, then i'm goign to bed and waking up at 8 to cram before the test	two more stories to read, then i'm goign to bed and waking up at 8 to cram before the test	0
All i want to do is go for a run down middle beach road. .	All i want to do is go for a run down middle beach road. .	0
Not sure if I can sleep tonight or not, but about to try I need a cuddle buddy :(	Not sure if I can sleep tonight or not, but about to try I need a cuddle buddy :(	0
UGH!!!! Half way done with final research paper, the laptop is dying and I left my extra charger at work!! thestruggle	UGH!!!! Half way done with final research paper, the laptop is dying and I left my extra charger at work!! thestruggle	0
My tattoo says no limits but I think I just reached mine Annoyed NoMorePatience ****	My tattoo says no limits but I think I just reached mine Annoyed NoMorePatience ****	0
I could really use a drink right about now! needsleep but my poor baby's sick	I could really use a drink right about now! needsleep but my poor baby's sick	0
Someone who isn't Hung over or still intoxicated please bring me some sprite. Why do I make myself do sick	Someone who isn't Hung over or still intoxicated please bring me some sprite. Why do I make myself do sick	0
Someone told me to "slow down" today. I said, "No". Maybe I need to get my priorities straight.	Someone told me to "slow down" today. I said, "No". Maybe I need to get my priorities straight.	0
WHAT IS THIS? MY DAD IS FORCING ME TO WATCH GOD'S CHANNEL AGAIN. LIKE..?WE JUST CAME BACK FROM CHURCH. WE JUST FINISH PRAISING GOD	WHAT IS THIS? MY DAD IS FORCING ME TO WATCH GOD'S CHANNEL AGAIN. LIKE..?WE JUST CAME BACK FROM CHURCH. WE JUST FINISH PRAISING GOD	0
Didn't get a phone call tonight because my mom took forever to leave the fuckin house!! out not a good day!	Didn't get a phone call tonight because my mom took forever to leave the fuckin house!! out not a good day!	0
Had a whole week of spring break, doing nothing, and now is when im doing my school work.	Had a whole week of spring break, doing nothing, and now is when im doing my school work.	0
no. i cant work in groups, i stress out so much cause i know that all the group is going to fail no no	no. i cant work in groups, i stress out so much cause i know that all the group is going to fail no no	0
grew up with a severe misconception that uni life is all about having fun.why did no1 ever mention the study pressure to me? :(	grew up with a severe misconception that uni life is all about having fun.why did no1 ever mention the study pressure to me? :(	0
In that stage where I love psychology yet hate it at the same time toomuchtolearn	In that stage where I love psychology yet hate it at the same time toomuchtolearn	0
My house stresses me out something awful! Sooner I get a decent job, quicker I can get my own flat again!	My house stresses me out something awful! Sooner I get a decent job, quicker I can get my own flat again!	0
iPhones are rubbish all my pics are gone!Good job I saved them on laptop stressed Roll on my upgrade!! Apple u better impress me	iPhones are rubbish all my pics are gone!Good job I saved them on laptop stressed Roll on my upgrade!! Apple u better impress me	0
I wish I didn't clench my teeth in my sleep, the pain when I wake up is horrible	I wish I didn't clench my teeth in my sleep, the pain when I wake up is horrible	0
Need to start doing some serious thinking!!! The only thing that's gonna help is vodka!!	Need to start doing some serious thinking!!! The only thing that's gonna help is vodka!!	0
can time slow down please, i have way too much work to do and I've still got to look for a placement	can time slow down please, i have way too much work to do and I've still got to look for a placement	0
I swear if someone comes at me with a Pacquaio insult tomorrow, I'm gonna cut you or beat the crap out of you!	I swear if someone comes at me with a Pacquaio insult tomorrow, I'm gonna cut you or beat the crap out of you!	0
I just wanna sit in my hot tub with a bottle of wine and watch tonight's ranger game on DVR travelingallday	I just wanna sit in my hot tub with a bottle of wine and watch tonight's ranger game on DVR travelingallday	0
Spent all day in the library doing work and I still haven't even made a dent in the amount of work I have to do drowning	Spent all day in the library doing work and I still haven't even made a dent in the amount of work I have to do drowning	0
If I have a million things to be thankful for, why do I get so down? I need to not let the little things that bother me become the big things.	If I have a million things to be thankful for, why do I get so down? I need to not let the little things that bother me become the big things.	0
Do I walk in or go home cause I don't wanna walk in then have to walk back out!!!!!!!!!!??!???!!? stressed	Do I walk in or go home cause I don't wanna walk in then have to walk back out!!!!!!!!!!??!???!!? stressed	0
Now I have four questions left, two the longest, and the other two I am just going braindead on	Now I have four questions left, two the longest, and the other two I am just going braindead on	0
**********URGENT********** Guys please help me re-write Standing In The Dark In Chapman Square! Wattpad has deleted all 5parts :'(	**********URGENT********** Guys please help me re-write Standing In The Dark In Chapman Square! Wattpad has deleted all 5parts :'(	0
Right now I cannot keep saying ill fit my revision in another day need to finnish and its getting scary arrr!	Right now I cannot keep saying ill fit my revision in another day need to finnish and its getting scary arrr!	0
I need Christmas holidays to come faster. I cant look at all this homework anymore	I need Christmas holidays to come faster. I cant look at all this homework anymore	0
looked at my bank acct and almost passed out pls send all posi vibes I get accepted for this job I should be hearing about this week (I wish I could stop tweeting about this but I am and sad)	looked at my bank acct and almost passed out pls send all posi vibes I get accepted for this job I should be hearing about this week (I wish I could stop tweeting about this but I am and sad)	0
Not really had a breakdown about my uni work to say it's a week till degree show goes up think today is gonna be the day!	Not really had a breakdown about my uni work to say it's a week till degree show goes up think today is gonna be the day!	0
I am past stressed I am too my limit where I have a emotional breakdown tired	I am past stressed I am too my limit where I have a emotional breakdown tired	0
Something needs to change! Either you be more understanding, or I learn to bite my tongue.	Something needs to change! Either you be more understanding, or I learn to bite my tongue.	0
To do today: Finish fixing the computer cuz Windows is bullshit. Then deep clean my room for Zak coming over tomorrow. Then hopefully indoctrinate into the grim dark of Warhammer 40k. darkheresy	To do today: Finish fixing the computer cuz Windows is bullshit. Then deep clean my room for Zak coming over tomorrow. Then hopefully indoctrinate into the grim dark of Warhammer 40k. darkheresy	0
So behind in my classes that I don't even know where to pick up where I left off	So behind in my classes that I don't even know where to pick up where I left off	0
I've been shoveling snow for an hour and every time I get done with one end of my driveway the other half is covered yet again.	I've been shoveling snow for an hour and every time I get done with one end of my driveway the other half is covered yet again.	0
I could use a gummy right about now. stressed freakingout I need to relax be calm and quit overthinking things	I could use a gummy right about now. stressed freakingout I need to relax be calm and quit overthinking things	0
Bailey had to go to vet yesterday for fluids. Still not eating bg low got pb then dangerous low got honey and ate food	Bailey had to go to vet yesterday for fluids. Still not eating bg low got pb then dangerous low got honey and ate food	0
I want to throw my computer at the office out of the window why is it so god dammed slow when I have some important stuff to finnish?!	I want to throw my computer at the office out of the window why is it so god dammed slow when I have some important stuff to finnish?!	0
I really hate being off on the week days , like wtf am i supposed to do? Fckn new girl stole my hours  really	I really hate being off on the week days , like wtf am i supposed to do? Fckn new girl stole my hours  really	0
Arghhh broken sleep again so have resorted to a 5 am online shop Stress I hate you let me sleep  overthinking cantsleep	Arghhh broken sleep again so have resorted to a 5 am online shop Stress I hate you let me sleep  overthinking cantsleep	0
ridiculous how long i have to sit through ads on 4OD just trying to get 2 seconds worth of info from this show	ridiculous how long i have to sit through ads on 4OD just trying to get 2 seconds worth of info from this show	0
Im going to need to find something other than positive self talk to make it through October without a mental breakdown!	Im going to need to find something other than positive self talk to make it through October without a mental breakdown!	0
it's been the hardest four weeks of my life and i still have a long way to go	it's been the hardest four weeks of my life and i still have a long way to go	0
One of those mornings where i think maybe i should quit and travel the wOrld,, or maybe i just need a hOliday :(	One of those mornings where i think maybe i should quit and travel the wOrld,, or maybe i just need a hOliday :(	0
Too many weird ass names of the muscles and bones in the body!!!! How am I gonna remember all of this?!?	Too many weird ass names of the muscles and bones in the body!!!! How am I gonna remember all of this?!?	0
Sitting here Thinking was told that my Boyfriend will be facing prison time stressed TwitterFamous ILoveMyGod	Sitting here Thinking was told that my Boyfriend will be facing prison time stressed TwitterFamous ILoveMyGod	0
It felt like it took half an hour to get this Uber but it was only 10 minutes.	It felt like it took half an hour to get this Uber but it was only 10 minutes.	0
90+ bets every half hour , must be start of prem is it ? manic	90+ bets every half hour , must be start of prem is it ? manic	0
I just want it to be Friday and skip over this awful mess of my life.why does doing the right thing feel so wrong?	I just want it to be Friday and skip over this awful mess of my life.why does doing the right thing feel so wrong?	0
Hands down one of the worst nights of my Furman careerso far 2 midterms tomorrow and a concert report due	Hands down one of the worst nights of my Furman careerso far 2 midterms tomorrow and a concert report due	0
M4&M49 were bloody horrendous. Finally found my way to the Timbrell household for the next two days though	M4&M49 were bloody horrendous. Finally found my way to the Timbrell household for the next two days though	0
oh no! Haha! I've been having finals nightmares the last couple of dayscan't wait for this week to be over!	oh no! Haha! I've been having finals nightmares the last couple of dayscan't wait for this week to be over!	0
Let's see if I actually make it to my class at 5 today on time. work tired	Let's see if I actually make it to my class at 5 today on time. work tired	0
how comes i passed all six units and i failed one which was simplest,Mr Lecturer God is watching u.. :-(	how comes i passed all six units and i failed one which was simplest,Mr Lecturer God is watching u.. :-(	0
I really just want a girls night out and go out to the bar or club	I really just want a girls night out and go out to the bar or club	0
I hate the end of the school year because teachers try to cram everything they missed into one month	I hate the end of the school year because teachers try to cram everything they missed into one month	0
Snow and no roof on the house = abit chilly!! But 2 hours sleep and another day of hammering Think im going to loose my marbles!!	Snow and no roof on the house = abit chilly!! But 2 hours sleep and another day of hammering Think im going to loose my marbles!!	0
So sick of talking about graduation and college. Like stop. That's all I hear about 24/7	So sick of talking about graduation and college. Like stop. That's all I hear about 24/7	0
Aargggh this essay has my head done in :( why is havard refrencing so aggy!!!	Aargggh this essay has my head done in :( why is havard refrencing so aggy!!!	0
Dad said I need to make a decision soon on where I want to go to school	Dad said I need to make a decision soon on where I want to go to school	0
the last time ul hold their warm hand, kiss their warm forehead , I love my dear special and loving Uncle..	the last time ul hold their warm hand, kiss their warm forehead , I love my dear special and loving Uncle..	0
If teachers want us to pass finals They need to stop giving fucking homework durning finals week !!! hateteachers retards	If teachers want us to pass finals They need to stop giving fucking homework durning finals week !!! hateteachers retards	0
Ugh - Ive a twitch in my eye on and off for the last few days. How does one conduct an election in these times.	Ugh - Ive a twitch in my eye on and off for the last few days. How does one conduct an election in these times.	0
Omg seriously struggling to sleep! Grr!! I get pissed off that i cant sleep which makes me not sleep even more!!	Omg seriously struggling to sleep! Grr!! I get pissed off that i cant sleep which makes me not sleep even more!!	0
I need a very zen environment to be around right now, and this house isn't one.	I need a very zen environment to be around right now, and this house isn't one.	0
The first thing I do when I get home an hour late from work is go directly outside and chain smoke	The first thing I do when I get home an hour late from work is go directly outside and chain smoke	0
Do you ever feel stressed about something silly and unimportant because it's too difficult to think about the actual big things you're stressed about? Yeahme neither	Do you ever feel stressed about something silly and unimportant because it's too difficult to think about the actual big things you're stressed about? Yeahme neither	0
Brain freeze. Not cut out for studying and dreading a whole 3 hour closed book exam tomorrow :-(	Brain freeze. Not cut out for studying and dreading a whole 3 hour closed book exam tomorrow :-(	0
